THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 207
one of Archie’s boon companions. He was considered, in our
set, as being somewhat light-headed, but Kate was satisfied,
and so of course the world ought to have been. Things
looked very favorable; Nora was deeply interested as to
what was the most polished and refined behavior for her
under the circumstances, and Nellie was wondering what she
would wear.
“But my evil star was in the ascendancy, and when I
came home to spend the Christmas holidays I unintentionally
made mischief. All the young folks of our set were at the
great Fowler reception. ‘I knew nothing of the bright hopes
which were springing up in Kate’s heart, and by some
untoward accident I became involved in conversation with
Nat. We talked long and gayly; we laughed, we played
checkers; and last, but not least, Nat peeled and quartered
my orange for me. It was not until Jim Smith came for mo
to help him in a comic duet that my gleeful hour with Nat
was over. Then Kate obtained possession of him; there
was a brief but earnest conference between them, which
ended in Nat hastily drawing his hat down over a pair of eyes
in which fright and horror were plainly discernible, and
rushing from the house. The friendship between them was
broken, and from that time on Nat carefully avoided Kate,
her brothers and sisters, myself, and all the persons who
were unfortunate enough to be related to me. At the time,
I was completely shrouded in wonder. What had I done to
offend Nat? What had Kate done? But it was two years
before I knew the truth; not until Ned Blinker and I had
agreed upon terms of peace did I learn what had passed
between Kate and Nat on that eventful evening.
“ Nat had confided the whole affair to Ned. Kato, fearing
lest her youthful fancier might make the mistake of admiring
me, had told Nat my entire history, and had taxed the Eng-
lish language as much as truth would possibly permit in
delineating my faults. Nat was a timid young person, and
was suddenly beset by an awful fear. If one member of the
family was so violent, so fearful, so dangerous, might not the
bad qualities extend in some degree to other members? If
one was so utterly bad, was it possible for there to be one of
the same family, however distantly connected, with whom
life would be safe? Nat declared that he was now afraid of
all the Carver clan, and that he proposed to keep well out of
the way of all of them.
Not long after this unfortunate event, Tom attended the
