STRANGE EVENTS. 19
their society names for the festive occasion, and were Mr.
Hammin, Mr. Ford and Mr. Wentworth. The Kid, however,
kept far enough away to avoid being addressed by his stately
surname.
‘The cave was located on a sharp rising grade within the
cafion, some fifty feet above the bed of Frelawna. Its mouth
was near the centre of a little local rise, sufficient to turn
a sheet of mountain flood aside, and so prevent the inunda-
tion of the cavern. The grade was sparsely covered with
cedars, pifions and buckhorn cactus, while at its foot, just
above the rocky creek bed, stood a dense thicket of scrub
oaks, interspersed now and then by tall, handsome cotton-
woods, that were beginning to yield up their leaves to the
light October frosts. But the still green grass at their roots
bespoke the mild and temperate Autumn.
“Oh,I am so thirsty!” said Mary, as she rose from the
improvised lunch-table.
“You are? And I forgot to bring a drinking-cup. Is
there a drinking-cup in the crowd ?” demanded Jim.
None were forthcoming.
“How do you get drinks when you are out after cattle ?”
asked Mary.
“Get down on our prayer-bones and drink out of the
creek,” said Jim quietly, and without the slightest idea that
his language was inelegant. “Will you drink out of my
hat brim? It’s a new hat.”
“ Why—yes.”
“ Well, come on, then.”
Mary descended the grade in the rear of her escort. He
watched her narrowly as she stepped from rock to rock, hold-
ing her gray habit with one hand, and carefully selecting
her route ; but he did not offer to help her until she reached
the steep bank. He leaped down and turned to her.
“Will you stay there, or come down ?” he asked.
“T will come down.” She started to clamber down alone.
“You need help here,” he said quietly, as he reached up
and took her by the arms. He steadied her a moment, then
lifted her down and placed her upon the ledge of rock where
he stood, as if she had been a feather’s weight. Then he
took off his hat, struck it with his hand to free it from dust,
creased the brim, stooped and dipped the improvised cup
into the creek, and held the desired blessing toward Mary.
She laughed aloud.
“Well, I'll remember this drink,” she said, as she stooped
