26 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
always talking scandal, it shows that their minds delight in
scandal and scandalous things. Their children hear so much
of such things, that they git soaked full of ’em, and are
mighty easy to lead off. ‘I pay mighty little attention to the
trash I hear. The talk of the worthless is worthless.” It
was all said so quietly and softly and slowly, that it
descended upon the girl’s spirit like a sweet and soothing
balm. She had hoped that in the new field of labor she had
selected that humanity was honest and kindly ; she was now
informed that it was also a part of the world she had left.
She placed the last pile of dishes in the big corner-cupboard,
and drawing out the little diary, she slightly bent her nar-
row chest above it, and began to write in the cypher already
described. This is her translated thought :
The tongue of scandal is wagged by creatures whose hearts are
filled with envy for beautiful characteristics not their own, and jeal-
ousy of noble qualities which their own unworthiness causes them
to hate. They are spiteful and unhappy in their inferiority, and like
the salt and bitter ocean that cannot get above its level and carries on
an incessant warfare to beat down its picturesque and verdant banks,
they try to undermine, to wash away and to destroy the good to
which they cannot attain, When they have cast down a creature
there is a dull roar of coarse approval as he falls and sinks from
sight, and all murmur in callous indifference when he is lost forever.
So old Ocean washes at a piece of mossgrown rock until it is dis-
lodged; it engulfs it with a triumphant roar; but when it lies low
and forgotten beneath the wave, it only murmurs over the ruin and
begins to attack the rocks beyond.

She put the book out of sight and taking the broom, wept
the crumbs about the table and stove into the dust-pan.
This done she paused and leaned against the wall, for her
cheeks were flushed and her breath came short. But the
work was done, and with an effort to hide her weariness from
the watchful eye of Mrs. Hogan she followed that lady into
the sitting-room where the old man sat thoughtfully study.
ing the fire.
‘Mary chatted with the old couple about her old home in
Indiana, about her arrival and stay in Milroy City and about
her difficulty in securing employment.
1 i, And you didn’t know any one here?” asked the old
lady.
“No ma’am, Thad no acquaintances in the State. ‘There
were some people in Milroy who used to know my fatherand
they were very kind to me.”
“What name?” asked Mr. Hogan.
