VARIOUS OCCURRENCES. 175
hired all four of us fellers to join him. We went, but I only
stayed six months.”
“Why didn’t you stay longer?”
“Well, the fellers in the show was a set of stuck-up dudes
and I had to lick ’em all round about once a week to keep
em from slurrin’ and abusin’ my three friends. I don’t
think they was a day in them six months that I didn’t have
a fight or two. I’d have gone on the stage as areg’lar actor if
it hadn’t been for the trouble I had then.”
By the time the dishes were washed the other men had
come in from their feeding. Mr. Jennings had not been
talking much for several evenings past, but now he began to
make up for lost time. He told over the story of the buffalo
wallow, with the trifling alteration of the wallow itself being
an abandoned dugout, the Indians being twenty-three in
number; the weapon of defence a Sharp’s carbine, and the
refreshments four doughnuts, which his best girl had
stuffed into his pocket just as he left civilization for the lone
frontier. Mary desired to caution him lest he should event-
ually tell the story with himself defended by only one lone
blasted firecracker, but she refrained. If he wanted to de-
fend himself from wild red Indians with peas loaded into a
p-gun, and subsist meanwhile by chewing the braids of
his raven hair for the oil which the barber had placed there-
on, what business was it of hers? Was there any reason
she should raise a domestic cyclone because thereof? But
for fear she would express her sentiments, she invited him
to sing. Yes, he would sing. He believed, now, that he
was getting used to an instrument again; that he could sing
with an accompaniment. His oldest sister used to play the
organ for him.
And Mary, greatly admiring the music-loving family who
kept piano, organ and violin in the house—almost all the
Jennings family played the violin—seated herself at the
piano. Mr. Jennings sang a stanza of “ Drifting Apart,” in
the key of “D.” Mary played in the key of D, also. The
gentleman, being a confessed lover of variety, started the
next stanza in A. Mary scrambled to A. The remainder
of the production was rendered in G sharp, and Mr. Jennings
received the praises that were showered upon him with
kingly grace. After being restored to favor he became so
attentive to the ladies and so ready to admire all they did,
said or sung, that Iola alluded to him very confidentially to
Pella Martin, as “ Rattlesnake Lat, the Knight of the Kaw
jains,
