Ss THE ADMINISTRATRLIX.
Perhaps beneath a stern exterior he loved nature and beauty
too. She caught a gleam of sympathy in his glance and
softened toward him. It might not be necessary to punish
him so terribly after all. She was so entranced by the new
and delightful scenery, so enraptured by the glimpses of
hazy hill that shot into view where the walls of the cafion
were low, to be hidden again when they were high and pre-
cipitous ; so lulled into inward peace by the song of the rip-
pling water; her fevered blood was so cooled by the sight
of distant snow-robed, ice-crowned Bernalillo, that she forgot
her plans, and allowed the enginery of the conversation to be
taken from her. Jim told lon d interesting stories of new
lands, of lynchings in early days, of blood-curdling adven-
tures with Indians, Mexicans and highwaymen, in no one
of which he. figured as hero. And Mary listened, locat-
ing, as she heard, the scene of each narrative within those
entrancing walls built by nature to assert that even nature
loves beauty, romance and variety. Then he talked of the
national prosperity, the stock market, and the grain acreage ;
Mary listened to this in surprise ; how ignorant he was of
society to talk to a lady of such things. He was the first
young man she had met who persisted in carrying on a sen-
sible conversation; but strange to say, she was pleased. The
young men who talk business and politics to their male
friends, and reserve their stock of pretty nonsensical nothings
for feminine ears, do not always give the pleasure they expect
to. Jim recited in his somewhat “cowboyified” language
the story of Major Powell’s expedition on the Colorado
River; he described the cafion of Green River, and the appear-
ance of the vegetation near timber line ;—but not a compli-
ment, not the beginning of a compliment, not a shadow of a
compliment did he pay to his auditor, unless telling her that
she would doubtless eventually learn to rein Kate by the
neck be taken for one.
Arrived at the cave the party dismounted. They decided
to lunch before descending. ‘The ladies produced from the
numerous tie-strings on their saddles little packages con-
taining sandwiches, boiled eggs and cake; these were
spread in common upon a large flat rock, and partaken of
with a will; even the Kid ventured to the board at a safe
spot between Penobscot Bill and Broncho Charlie, and mod-
estly accepted a slice of bread and a chicken wing tendered
by Bella Martin. But it must be remembered that these
were not the names of these gentlemen to-day—they had on



