GETTING ACQUAINTED. 323
at night. The place might not suit the notions of some
extra pious people, but it would catch lots of strays that
have nowhere to spend Sunday, and would take part of the
crowd away from the saloon’s back door. It’s my opinion
that the Sabbath wouldn’t be broken so often if it wasn’t
made so cold and brittle and icy and breakable. I know
that just lots of kids get started to huntin’ mean amusement
on Sunday, just because they’re shut out from innocent play.
Td rather see kids out playing ball, or croquet, or some
other harmless game on Sunday, than to see ’em hid away
in some corner tellin’ nasty jokes, or cussin’ their parents
for bein’ so hard on ’em.”
“That’s me,” said Everet energetically. “Any means
that’ll keep kids at home, or near home, on Sunday, is honest
means, no matter if it is play. And any means that runs
em off into bad company is bad, no matter if it’s prayiu’
and readin’ the Bible from sunup till sundown. The Bible
can be made a curse by givin’ it in too big doses, jest as
juinine can. And for such as haven’t got a home, Mose’s
junday resort is jest the thing. ‘There'd be time then for a
chap to go out and hear two sermons if he wanted to, and
eat two or three meals, and still have ten or twelve hours of
good readin’ or clean, sensible talkin’ if he wanted’em. A
man couldn’t do nothin’ very bad by startin’ such a hunt,
no matter what folks would say. He’d draw lots of game
into his traps that otherwise would git taken in by them
that’s huntin’ ’em for what they can git for their hides.”
Everet now proposed to sing. ‘The men had heard him
before, and they expected something racy. “Rocky Moun-
tain Bill” was a character. He had been in the regular
army for five years, his period of enlistment expiring some
little time before the Civil War. He had then become a
frontiersman. When the war began he enlisted in the
Second Colorado Cavalry, marched down to Fort Garland
with his regiment, then to Santa Fé, taking part in the
battles of Apache Canon and Peralta, and bei:g one of the
dauntless band that fired Sibley’s supply train at the former
engagement. He was unpretending and honest, never boast-
ing of his past feats, but telling such things as he believed
would interest his hearers with commendable modesty. One
of his strong points was an uncompromising belief in women.
He had fought hard to give the Negro citizenship. He
could see no reason why woman was not as worthy, and wh:
citizenship was not quite as needful to her. The song whicl
