THE RIATA IS SECURELY TIED, 117
embarrassed at table, and the accident to Kid, as well as the
suspicious scrutiny cf the old couple, and their questions as
to her future course, did not tend to put her at her ease. She
was glad when she found herself on the road home, with her
hand drawn through Jim’s arm.
The Hogans were soon in possession of the leading facts.
The old lady beamed happily through her spectacles, and the
old man rubbed his hands with glee, and made the happy
announcement that there were a few sensible people left in
the world after all. When Mary escaped to her room, she
tore out the page of her diary whereon she had confessed her
favor for Stanley, and rent it in pieces. The very memory
made her hide her face. On another page she wrote:
“Well, Ihave made adiscovery. A cowboy is just a man,
after all. The idea of me once believing that there was no de-
ceit in Lancaster—of me believing that his clever acting was
Jove that he was liable to declare at any moment! Of me
believing that class or profession makes dearth of the charac-
teristics of humanity! And to think I once believed Jim
Madnau to be a sort of biped hyena! Had I forgotten that
every profession has its fops, its villains, its superficial trick-
sters, and its men? Had I forgotten that courtly, deceiving
flatteries are vipers that sting, and that noble and honest
manhood may be clothed in ill-fitting garb? Ihave learned
some wholesome lessons of late—may they make me less
credulous and more observing.”
Jim had agreed to come for her in the morning and take
her to see the Circle Bar ranche, located among the upper
foot-hills, near the head of the creek. They were early
galloping over the parks and skirting the edges of the hills,
Kate being on her very best behavior. They had not taken
the cafion road, but were riding across country.
“Miss Fleming,” said Jim, forgetting that he had aright
now to call her Mary, “why did you meet me the way you
did that morning last week? I wanted to talk to you
and you wouldn’t give me the ghost of a chance; were you
mad at me about something ? ”
“No, not that—exactly.”
“What then ? I know there was something.”
Well, we’re friendly now, and why isn’t that enough?”
“But itisn’t enough, Hadn’t old Mrs. Chellis been tell-
in’ you a lot of stuff?”
“Why do you ask that ?”
“ Well, because I know the old woman. She always has
