DETECTION. 273
he was the victim of circumstances; she would like to believe
him innocent if possible—“ Why were you gone till three
o'clock? Jim looked at the clock just before you came in.”
“Well, Mrs. Madnau, you know I told you before I went
over there that I thought maybe Lem Harcoot wanted to
pay back them fifty dollars he owed me. Well, instead of
that, he wanted to borrow five hundred more. He’s took a
notion to speculate in some Bavaria lots, and he wanted the
money for that. He asked me to go into a saloon and take
a glass 0’ beer, and I went. We got to talkin’ business and
drinkin’ beer, and first thing I knowed it was gittin’ late.
But then I told Lem I had my money tied up so I couldn’t
let him have the five hundred any way, and then I struck
for home. Why, Mrs. Madnau, them two fellers couldn’t
accuse me of anything that would make me feel so bad as
this. It’s jest givin’ me a headache already ;” and Mr. Jen-
nings’s tones became deep and tremulous.
Mary, Iola, and Jim held a council in the front yard.
“Who told this ? ” asked Jim.
“Two of Mr. Ames’s hired men that were so short of
entertainment they had to go down there and watch the
dancing,” sneered Iola. “I asked them the first thing this
morning if Jennings was down there, and they both said they
saw a fellow they thought was he; they had only seen him a
few times and could not be certain; but one of them said he
knew the horse and was certain about him.”
“Well,” said Mary, “what good does he thinks it’s going
to do him to deny it the way he does ?”
“Why, if he is guilty, he just thinks he'll lie us out of
countenance,” said Jim. “But let’s wait a day ortwo. I
know of two or three fellows that'll blow it on him if he was
there. Treat him well till we’re certain, Mary.”
When the party re-entered the house, Jennings entered
such a plea of defense that for a time he scattered the sus-
picions of all. Even we who most love truth may be deceived
y the lie that is reduced to a fine art. A lie is never safe,
for it unconsciously disagrees in its different inherent parts.
Only truth is or can be consistent. But the determined
denial, accompanied as it often is by tremulousness ur tears,
often causes us, while directly under its influence, to doubt
the evidence of our own calmest judgment, even though that
judgment be reinforced by the most telling evidence. The
impulsive Mary was so overcome by his declarations of
nobility, and his grief at the personal injury done his char-
18
