STRANGE EVENTS. 87
at all if I didn’t have a gun strapped on me, but one day there
was a shootin’ scrape in camp and one of the boys peppered
the boss. ‘Then I got to thinkin’ it over. I knew Pha a
thunderin’ temper and that if I kept on carryin’ that gun
that I was liable to git mad at some of the boys sometime,
for they’re always devilin’ one another, and shoot him fore I
thought what I was doin’. And aman don’t need arms on
the range, not one cowman in a thousand is goin’ to pitch
onto an unarmed man. SoI traded my gun for a copy of
Longfellow’s poems, anda navijo blanket, and two new eucher
decks that one of the boys had, and I’ve never carried a gun
since.”
“ And did that man kill the boss, as you call him ?”
“ Course he killed him; made a regular lead mine of him.”
“ And what became of the man ?”
“He lit out. Good thing for him he did too. And yet
he wasn’t a bad man, if he’d have let whiskey and guns
alone.”
“Well, do you enjoy being a cowboy ?”
“0, that altogether hangs on how I’m situated. When
T’ve got a cabin or some place to stop at I can call my own,
like Pve got now, it’s well enough. It’s a hard life even
then, for a man that takes care of his stock right has td be
out in all kinds of weather. But when I was in Nevada, out
on the trail a good part of the time drivin’ alot of poor, foot-
sore, slow cattle, through hot sun, rain, snow or whatever
come, I tell you that was tough. When cow-punchin’ is like
that, it’s the hardest life there is. I’ve read of fellers that
thought it was all romance, and I always wished I had ’em out
on trail a while in a snow storm with the cattle doin’ their
best to git out and hunt the brush. If they didn’t know how
to cuss, they’d mighty soon learn. They’d git romance
enough to last ’em ten years in less’n ten hours. But the
wages are pretty good and there’s always men that’s willin’
to try what’s new and venturesome. So the profession keeps
full in spite of the men it kills off.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Well, if men aren’t strong the exposure gets away with
’em. Then all cowmen have to break bronchos once in a
while, so as to keep up their string of saddle nags, and that’s
hard on ’em. Shakes ’em up so they get to bleedin’ at the
lungs; and if they keep up tacklin’ bronchos long enough,
they’re gone. Breakin’ bronchos is more fun for the ones
that look on than it is for the man in the saddle. We leave
