368 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
destroy us. Mrs. Madnau used to tell a story about some
one chainin’ a feller on top of a mountain where vultures eat
his liver; and all the time his liver growed as fast as they
eat it. That’s the fix I’min. I’m chained to my uature as
I’ve made it, and it won't let me go. My vices eat me, and
I keep on growin’ and sufferin’. 1’ll end it all one of these
days. If I'd live a thousand years, it ’ud be jest the same
old thing over again, day after day. Meetin’ new women
and learnin’ to scorn ’em, and bein’ always filled with desires
that can’t be satisfied. I’ve cultivated my passion till it’s a
cancer that never stops growin’ and eatin’. ’m thinkiu’ of
women the last thing at night, and as soon as I wake in the
mornin’ it’s the same old game over again. My mind gethers
em all up, the good, bad and indifferent ones, jest so’s they’re
pretty, and serves ’em all alike. Talk about whiskey drunk-
enness! It’s bad, but it’s nothin’ to this. I’ve had delirium
tremens over women many a time. O, I wish—but it’s no
use.
“What was you goin’ to wish ?”
“That they was laws makin’ us stick to our first woman,
or else give her an honorable divorce. We'd use judgment
in choosin’, and moderation in possession, then. 0, I’ve
been indulged by the law and my parents till I’ve got to be
the sneakin’est coyote that ever burrowed the plains.”
He still stood looking out of the window. Huge snow-
flakes were filling the air. Even the near hills were now al-
most entirely hidden. The wind was howling as it rounded
the corners of the low house, and was ever and anon lifting
little tufts of hay off the stack in the corral. Ike still sat
with bowed head. Presently Lat went on:
“The difference in the trainin’ of the two sexes is to blame
for lots of men’s cussedness. Men are filled full of vice and
mad imaginin’s from childhood. In most cases women have
their love and warmth trained out. As things are, they ain’t
more than one woman in fifty that can altogether satisfy a
man. If we could find intelligence, beauty, independence,
worth, and warmth in a single woman, we’d be in no danger
of strayin’ from her. On the other hand, if we were curbed
1n our youth so we wouldn’t be so mad, we'd be satisfied with
tamer women. There’s somethin’ wrong somewhere. As
things are now, we don’t find satisfaction in lovin’ one wo-
man out of fifty, so we demand quantity because we can’t
get quality. They’re nearly all servile; and we despise the
ones that rear our children, do our drudgery, and tamely
