THE COWBOY AS ROMANCER.
Now our party all feared that the bear brown and fleree,
‘Was still in that cave, all waiting to pierce
Their flesh with his teeth and his claws.
So they almost decided that science could wait,
For that cave’s inner history, until the fate
Of the bear and the cowboy some wise man would states
For each individual felt that his pate,
‘Was dearer to him than learning’s great cause.
But Delia the fair from her saddle leaped down ;
She lighted a candle and tucked up her gown;
No faith in bear stories had she.
The others protested that neither had th:
But they would not descend they decided to stay,
In the healthier air of the September day,
‘And guard the cave mouth, and quietly play
Seven-up, which Americans frequently say
Is the happiest game in this land of the free.
So Delia descended, smiling and lone,
‘To study this wonder and hunt rare bits of stone.
No fear of the cavern disturbed her calm mind.
‘The light in her hand and the rope round her waist
‘Were the weapons with which she the gloomy depths face
Rare wonders she hoped soon to find.
‘The party without lingered long at their play,
Till fierce hungry bears came and chased them away ;
But fair Delia returned to them not.
Her saddle and horse they took back to Jake Lunn
‘And then to wear mourning all sadly begun;
They took the train East ere the set of the sun ;
With the wild, woolly West they declared themselves dont
And they never returned to that bear-haunted apot.
WITHIN THE CAVE.
(Bella Martin.) ”
Fair Delia walked far down a long gloomy incline
‘Phat led from the dark, narrow mouth of the den ;
‘And then all abruptly she paused in deep wonder,
For she saw that she walked in the dwelling of men.
The walls that gleamed out ’neath the flame of her candle
Were adorned with stone carvings most lifelike and rare;
They were portraits of men and of nature’s fair creatures,
‘The elk, deer and pronghorn, the bison and bear.
While in deep admiration she stood contemplating
A neatly drawn sketch of a tall, turbaned Turk,
‘A sound that convinced her of soft flowing water
‘Made her glad she had chosen discovery work.
To the cold doubting world she now soon would discover
Subterranean cities, rich, cultured and grand;
With their huge restless millwheels and dense population:
And their myriad ships crowded close on the strand.
