266 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
CHAPTER XXX.
EULALIA.
Tue Cedar Ridge dance-house was a long low building,
rough-looking on the outside, but elaborately fitted and fur-
nished within. ‘he long ball-room was fitted with a showy.
well-stocked bar. It contained a splendid piano and set of
violins. On the evening of the grand opening it contained
some one hundred and seventy-five men in all sorts of garbs,
of all complexions, ages, races and peculiarities. Many of
them were laboring men whose houses were never likely to
hold chandelier, piano, or any sort of handsome furnishing.
There were also present eight women. Their faces were
ghastly and unnatural under a thick coat of powder. Their
evening dresses were showy and low cut. One could scarcely
have called them handsome, for the soul had been crowded
back, and only the machinery of animal life was left. But
they were such creatures as the men present demanded;
that was evident, since the men were paying them great
attention.
‘There was one among them who instantly attracted Mr.
Jennings. He pushed his way toward her and began to
talk. Her face was exquisitely pretty if the onlooker were
only willing to forget the half jaded, half brazen look. Her
eyes were of a soft, dreamy black, her face round, with
indications of having once been full and sweet. She was
almost petite in form, and her raven black hair was most be-
comingly arranged. She wore a dress of pink crepe, that
showed through its elbow sleeves her wax-white arms. She
seemed to take but little notice of what was going on about
her, and when Jennings addressed her she answered absently
in broken English. He asked her to dance and she took her
place beside him, in the forming quadrille. Her head swam
and it seemed to her as if the sound of the tiresome violins
would never cease vibrating in her-weary ears. And yet
how she had once loved the dance——far away in Canada where
Pierre used to bring his sleigh and take her to the neighbor-
hood balls. But her play and recreation had become her life
work now—how heavy the task. Her mind went back to
