BUT THE VAQUERO IS ROPED, 113
“ We're not as gvod friends as we were,” faltered Mary.
Who's to blame ?” he asked, looking her sharply in the
eye.
“ Both of us, I suppose.”
“ Are you goin’ to make it up ?”
“Tcannot tell. We still speak. But what is the differ-
ence ?”
“ Difference ? Why, you won’t either one of you ever be
worth a cuss—not a durn cuss.”
«“ Why, Mr. Hogan, I don’t think the matter is so serious
as that. We were just friends.”
“ Just friends ? Good moonshine! The idea of a girl
that’s been carryin’ her heart round on her sleeve, like you
have, talkin’ like that! You jest give yourself dead away
every time Jim’s name’s mentioned; and Jim’s worse than
ou are. And now you’ve let some durned nonsense come in
tween you and separate you forever. I don’t know of
anything on earth that’s sech big fools as lovers, anyhow.”
“ Joshua! Joshua!” protested Mrs. Hogan.
“I don’t care. Now here’s Mary, a poor sick gal, without
friends or home, jest throwin’ one of the best chances in the
state away. And there’s Jim, standin’ and poutin’ at the
world, when he might reach out and ketch on to what he
wants and be happy. Neither one of ’em’ll ever be worth a
cuss in this world, and I doubt if they ever git to a better
one the way they’re doin’.”
« But, Mr. Hogan,” began Mary, through her fast-rising
tears, “Jim has been showing his preference for Amy
Chellis, and I don’t waut to run after him.”
“ No; but you’d a blamed sight better run and stick your
head in the fire than do the way you're doin’. I told you
before that Jim didn’t want that darned Chellis critter. The
reason he’s been goin’ around with her of late is jest because
she’s been runnin’ after him.”
“ But would you have me rush out into the road when Mr.
Madnau is passing by, and ask him to marry me ?”
“No; but I'd Have you speak to him like he was white. I
was standin’ in the field the other mornin’, and saw you
speak to him, and if he’d been a Mexican Greaser, with a
little mean Ute blood mixed in, you couldn’t ’a’ spoke to
him no surlier than youdid. If you’d meet Jim with a kind
of half-civilized look, everything would come out all right
yet. I’ve knowed young people to do things they regretted
all their lives; and they thort the things was awful smart
