INCIDENTS. 287
other citizens it must to some extent thin out the persons to
whom Mr. Hogan referred as “govornment graduates.” Mr.
Allen Witherby had been thoroughly educated in the saloons
and dance-houses. He had some years previous put into prac-
tice the profession he had therein learned by killing a
sheep owner and utilizing his cash. For this little freak he
had taken a post-graduate course in the penitentiary, the
institution made and provided to receive those who are
sufficiently diligent in their application to business in the
two aforesaid schools. After his liberation he desired still
to practice his legally provided profession. He exhibited
so much determination in this line—killed several people
and plotted to kill a few more—that the citizens decided
that they must calla halt. They were willing to be gener-
ous, of course. They were willing to do their part. But
they at last decided that they could spare no more people
for Mr. Witherby’s experiments. They decided upon a
rope and a telephone pole as assistants to their own genius
in solving the riddle of how to check Mr. Witherby’s pro-
fessional inclinations. Now since outsiders often become
so vexed at the proceedings of an offensive school as to
open war upon its pupils, it is not to be wondered at
that the best citizens rose in wrath at Mr. Witherby. And
since it is a well-established fact that the less proficient
students in a school are often wickedly jealous of their more
advanced fellows, it is not to be wondered at that Mr. Lat-
shaw A. Jennings should thirst for the murderer’s gore. On
a certain evening at a certain hour a howling mob requested
the jailer to deliver over his prisoner. They made this re-
quest from a distance, and the jailer paid no attention to
them. They tried to send one of their number to talk pri-
vately with him, but none, not even the hero of the stretching-
up of the Quinine Center survivor, would go forward. At
last a ranchman who did not belong to the crowd and who
had not been howling, agreed to venture. But the jailer was
firm. The howling mob retired. Mr. Jennings, after having
taken a large supply of beer to quiet his nerves, went to bed
and to sleep. At an early hour the next morning a very few
men who had no particular grudge against Mr. Witherby
personally, but who objected to the style and extent of his
education, and who had the safety of the community at heart
turned their coats wrong side out and provided themselves
with dark lanterns. They had three or four revolvers, a
Winchester or two, and considerable pluck. They substituted
