TRAGEDY. 303
courage to talk. He answered only in monosyllables, and
finally his companion relapsed into silence,
‘They passed the vicinity of the Circle Bar in safety. Jim’s
courage was ever on the alert, but how could it avail him if
danger came? The long miles to Milroy City were traversed
in silence. The road was rocky and hilly; it was past ten
o'clock when they entered the deserted, unlighted street.
As they passed through the outskirts of the town, Jim’s
nick ear caught a suspicious sound. Then he saw skulking
in the gloom at his right a group of approaching figures.
He turned to the sheriff and said Rercely :
“Tf you let me die the death of a dog, may the curses of a
dying man and a heart-broken woman follow you always!”
‘As the words left his lips he saw the sheriff drawn away
from his side. ‘Then with his stalwart arms he began to
strike wildly to right and left, dealing out fearful blows.
‘Then he heard a sharp report, while a serise of numbness
came overhis right side. Other reports, anda sense of quick
sharp pains then a hurried re-living of his life, a wild
prayer for the woman who loved him, an indistinct murmur.
ing of her name, a roaring in his ears, a confused sense of
I ht and blackness alternately breaking on his eyes, a sense
of falling, a low, hoarse cry as the life rushed out of its be-
leaguered house ; then freedom from plots and emancipation
from all life’s woes.
And his assassins, mad with victory, but yet unsated with
triamph, fastened ropes tohis body, and thinking to disgrace
even his senseless clay, dragged it to the bridge over the
Gaston and put it to the felon’s shame. And there it was
found next morning, stark and rigid, riddled with bullets,
the clothing stiff, and the boots glistening with half-dried
blood. And those who had plundered the toiler, who had
despoiled the helpless, who had riveted the chains on the
shamed, came and looked upon this human ruin, and calmly
discussed, weighed evidence and judged. Go gather the
bones of those who for their crimes have died, and with the
bones of those that bigotry, blindness, conspiracy, greed and
tyranny have slain, you may cover them from sight a thou-
sand times,

After this occurrence Uncle Peter Chase, Abner Jones,
Pete Gregg and Bill Coffroth showed a strong disposition to
get in early in the evenings, They slept badly, and often
