112 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
visit and ministration is uecessary, but we enjoy both so
little, that the dislike is gradually widened to include him-
self. She did uot attend Sunday-school. Mr. Hogan was
present, and came home with the very wonderful news that
Mrs. Chellis was disappointed of her visit, Her daughter
Amelia, with her husband and her large band of interesting
children, had arrived at the Chellis mausion the night before,
to spend the ensuing fortnight. Amelia doubtless believed
that in the way of visits, at least, it is more blessed to give
than to receive.
On the road to school next morning Mary met Jim mounted
upon Kate, and proceeding down the road. She nodded
stiffly to him and hurried on, not pausing to give him an
opportunity to speak. Snow fell during the day; the long
delayed winter had come with its howling breath at last.
The sky cleared about two o’clock, and the sun shone out on
a goodly white coverlet that sheltered the valley. The sur-
rounding mountains had been white for weeks. In the
evening Mary found the Chellis’s hired man waiting for her
with a cutter. Miss Amy had sent for her to come down
and stay all night, and get acquainted with Mrs. Lee and
her family ; she would be sent back in the morning in ample
time for school. When we begin to feel a little of our own
strength, we decide that the surgeon may use his sharp in-
struments on some one else. Mary, with all possible faith
in the Chellises as friends, dreaded their probing so much
that she sent an excuse. She was not very well, and a night
ride in the snow would make her cough worse. She would
wait for fairer weather.
On Wednesday evening she found herself kissing her pupils
good-bye, and dropping tears over their faces. The “speeches”
had all been “ said,” and the little closing exercises were
done. There were a few visitors—only a few, for some
snow still lay upon the ground. Soon the house was cleared,
and she was alone. She gathered up her books, and was soon
at her boarding place.
“The little drama is over,” she muttered, as she entered
her room. When she emerged she found both the Hogans
in the sitting-room. Mr. Hogan was evidently in war-paint.
“ Mary,” he began, “ what’s been making you so down-
hearted lately ? You're as dumpish as a sick calf.”
“O, it is laziness, I suppose.”
“ Now, gal, tell me the truth. Haven’t you and Jim had
a round-up ?”
