THE SPRING ROUNDUP. 235
be told to imitate a boy, and to be informed that that boy
never made such frightful discords. But since Mr. Jen-
nings saw nothing better than the music he kept on with it.
‘Then all the little wiles possible he employed, such as strik-
ing attitudes on the croquet ground, coming down-stairs
occasionally in his bare feet to exhibit his shapely great toe,
and resurrecting large numbers of reminiscences of his per-
sonal prowess and bravery. In fact, he told so many of
these that Kid confidentially remarked to Iola that “Sam-
mie would rather tell a lie on six months time than the
truth for cash.” .
“0,” said Iola, playfully, “he is a wind. He is a wind,
because he blows. Winds are of three kinds—constant,
periodical and variable. Mr. Jennings is all three; he is
constant because he never stops blowing; periodical, because
he blows his old breezes over at regular intervals; and va-
riable, because he never blows them twice alike.”
Mr. Jennings furthermore showed himself possessed of a
stock of rare witticisms, such as that once upon a time he
fell down and came near walking all over himself, or that he
greatly feared Hen Hall would at some time open his mouth
a trifle too wide and swallow himself. These were danger-
ously amusing the first throe or four dozen times he sprung
them upon the Madnau household. But after their utter-
ance became one of his fixed habits, and especially after his
echo got to using them, they lost a portion of their pristine
charm.
The season being forward, the round up took place in May.
The Bar Eleven outfit were eating their last breakfast at
home for the present. All would be gone save Mr. Jen-
nings. This gentleman sat volubly boasting of his by-gone
prowess as a cowboy. But he had had to pause. Bleeding
at the lungs had threatened him. He was never satisfie
unless he had the worst horse in camp, and he had been so
shaken up in his time by bucking bronchos that he had to
be careful. The assembled would never believe, to judge
from his robust appearance, how near and how often he had
stood at the brink of the grave.
“T remember,” said Hen Hall, “a thing that happened
once when I was out on trail. I'll never forget it as lon
as Llive, There was a dude right fresh from the East, ani
I tell you he thought he was a long-horned Texan. He'd
been tellin’ ’round what a brag cowman he was, and he was
just crazy to get in with our bunch and turn himself loose.
