THE MYSTERIES OF COWBOYISM. 43
Lancaster drew her away a little distance, and said in a
low whisper: “And now Madnau is to have you for the
afternoon.”
“Yes; poor fellow,” said Mary, laughingly, for she did
not yet intend to encourage any advances. She had read a
novel once upon a time in which a cowboy had proposed
marriage after a seven minute acquaintance! Eternal vigi-
lance is the price of security. She, in consequence of the
said resolve to employ vigilance, did not answer in a whisper,
and Jim’s quick ear caught her words, and his ready intui-
tion divined that they referred to him. Lancaster kept on
saying pretty nothings and making delicate compliments,
and laughing his delightful little laugh, in which his blond
mustache parted just enough to show his white and band-
some teeth. The Kid had made no movement whatever to
dispute Lancaster’s possession. In fact, all the men were 80
surprised at the sudden and unannounced visit of the trio at
their camp that they were too nervous to properly entertain.
Only the self-confident Bill Coffroth and the ready and un-
abashed Lancaster were complete masters of themselves.
The Kid sat in the rear of Penobscot Bill, blushing to the
roots of his pompadour hair, and eating such bits as the
braver ones were willing to bring from the mess pots for
him. In consequence of this arrangement he got but one
spoonful of sugar in his coffee and but one plate of beans.
The spuds were boiled inside their slickers, but not a spud
found its way to the Kid’s hand. He looked sad and sor
rowful and hungry, but the mess pots he would not storm;
they were guarded by a pretty young lady, and Kid was
more courageous in the presence of imaginary ladies than of
real ones. He dragged away a saddle, put it on a horse and
galloped away. He would face creatures who were not
dressed in pretty gray cloth, and who could not talk back.
He liked the idea of women, but he must get used to them
gradually ; he had been away from them for so long that he
remembered but one of their traits—that was their ability
to make a fellow feel uneasy.
Hen Hall sat during dinner where he had a most excellent
view of the teacher. He was not embarrassed. He was
past thirty years old, and although he had lived much on
the frontier, he had often made brief returns to an old home
where family ties were unforgotten. And Hen had had a
Tomance—a sorrow—how often the two are the same! A
real heart sorrow drains our youthful blushes away in tears.
