DISCOVERY. 123
shook her head sagely and assured her daughters that “no
stranger need deny what ’Lizy Chellis said; ’Lizy Chellis
knew the world, and no stranger need come into the neigh-
borhood and try to run down her character for truth.”
Whether the great popularity of the Chellises was caused
by their long continued snubbing of all their neighbors may
be a mooted question, but popularity is occasionally won in
that way. Fiction is sometimes stranger than truth, but
not always. Pete Gregg and wife, Jere Herron and wife,
and the elder Chases were certain that Jim had met his
match, and been roped in at last. He had escaped many
evils; but a smart, bold, bad, scheming woman had been too
many for him. Stanley Lancaster and Broncho Charlie
pitied the girl; she was a young, unsophisticated, inexperi-
enced, good-hearted invalid, and Jim had just talked her into
marriage, with that smooth tongue of his, instead of waiting
for her cooler judgment to select a better man. It was prob-
ably well enough, though, after they thought it over, for the
girl was not very attractive, and Jim was probably her last
chance. The Joneses hated to see women of doubtful char-
acter encouraged by marrying property ; a woman ought to
be made to prove her character, and be kicked right out of
good society unless she succeeded in doing so. And now one
thing is left to be told which it is feared will give an air of
unseriousness, and perhaps even of downright falsehood to
this entire history. Little Mrs. Martin actually attended to
her own business throughout the whole trying ordeal! When
told of the marriage by her daughter Bella, she only said
that she hoped the young couple would be happy and do
well! As the author does not wish to make this work appear
unreasonable, she begs the reader to rack his brain for the
memory of some such individuals as Mrs. Martin, and after
he has called up a few such, to believe that their counter-
part lived on Frelawna. Mrs. Martin was so busy with such
inferior pursuits as nursing a consumptive husband, strug-
gling with poverty, reading with and educating her daughter,
and writing stories for such small sums as she could get,
that she had no time to put on a sunbonnet and race over
the neighborhood, repeating and listening to the chaste and
lofty comments of her neighbors. Of course Mrs. Martin
was not overly popular.
But when Jim and Mary emerged from the church on the
following Sunday they felt no cold breezes from all this col-
lection of icy prejudice. Such a hand-shaking and well-
