DETECTION. 281
stay here, and the longer I stayed the better I liked it; but I
can’t stay where other people’s word’s preferred to mine.
Good day, all’
And the Knight of the Kaw Plains was gone. He took a
sad farewell of the men, telling them each in turn how badly-
the world was using him. Of course he had to give Penobscot
Bill a different version of his ill-luck from that he presented
to the others, and this rendered it necessary for him to bid
that gentleman good-bye in private. As he had previously
told Hen and Kid that he frequented houses of ill-repute, it
was necessary for him to tell them now that he had pre-
viously been joking. On the road to Milroy City he met his
bosom friend, Stanley; of course he told him of his trip tothe
dance-house and its untoward results. He next met Jere
Herron, whom he suspected of leaning toward Jim’s opinions.
He succeeded so well in convincing Jere of his innocence
that Jere came over and gave Jim a friendly talk.
Mr. Jennings sought the solace that is usual with gentle-
men of his class when in trouble. By teno’clock at night he
was in a state bordering upon carelessness of earthly cares.
A new-found friend endeavored to lead him to a boarding-
house. Mr. Jennings undertook to occupy all the sidewalk,
which effort resulted in his falling into the ditch at its
edge.
FShesh lemme ’lone, boys. I’m in—hic—heaven now.
Shesh lemme ’lone,” he softly muttered as he stretched out
his feet. But his friends knew that this would not do.
They undertook to get him upon his feet, and this started
him to kicking. The more they tried, the harder he kicked.
They at last decided to leave him there and let him kick to
his heart’s content. And so the Knight of the Kaw Plains,
the hero of the celebrated novel “ Choctaw Dick, the Daunt-
less Terrifier, or, The Wild Scalp-Snatcher of the Plains” ;
the ex-lawyer, soldier, editor, teacher; the efficient ex-sheriff
of Sancho County; the terrible, terrible cowboy from the
wilds of Indian Territory, lay in the ditch, kicking mud,
water and cottonwood leaves surprisingly high.
After Mr. Jennings had paid his fees to the gentleman
who escorted him to the building vulgarly called the “cooler”
(where the salon and dance-house flourish, there is the cooler
also), he sobered down and sought work. He, after a week
of idleness, found employment at shovelling dirt; he found
a new and varied supply of girls, also.
