THE HISTORY OF A DAY. 353
bristling, sped in from the opposite side, wildly swinging a
rope. Rid caught her round the neck, tightening the rope
by galloping away to a point just opposite Mose; she was
now held from two directions and was helpless. As she
wildly struggled, half choking, her eyes menacing and
bloodshot, Gus emptied his revolver into her body, just
back of the shoulder. She was one of the Bar Eleven ani-
mals,
“Well, boys, I tell you that was a close call,” said the
white and quaking Coffroth.
Order was restored and the broken cordon refitted. The
cow was in fine condition and several of the men prepared
to dress her flesh for the camp mess. A little more nervous
and cautious than before, they proceeded with their work.
Mose was disappointed because of the absence of Harry
Talbert. He wanted his dread tragedy done. Every delay
meant more hours of suffering, more eras of fearful con-
templation. When night came he rolled himself in his
blankets to again be visited by dreams of ghastly realism—
to again pray that the morrow might bring reunion and rest.

CHAPTER XLVIL.
THE HISTORY OF A DAY.
Moss had during his stay at the Circle Bar refused to
practice target shooting with the cowboys. They were mys-
tified by this, and decided that he either could not shoot, or
else did not want anyone to know just how proficient he was.
He also refused to gamble, even for matches. Some of the
men declared that he was masquerading for the sake of effect,
and was in reality unable to accomplish anything of merit ;
but when they thought of his horsemanship and his pro-
ficiency with the rope, they could hardly retain this idea.
He had even succeeded, with a good deal of scolding, in
teaching Lat Jennings to throw a lasso with some success.
Lat was now riding most of the time, and as he learned
something of the business, and gained a little courage, his
fear of bleeding at the lungs diminished. So the men finally
decided that Mose, though a jolly good fellow, was queer.
They learned to accept his peculiarities, and found him
charming with them—perhaps because of them.
