EXPERIENCES OF AN OFFENDER. 339
“Did you? How could you?” sneeringly asked the
lawyer.
“By looking over the heads of the crowd.” His tone was
still more determined, and the attorney consented for him to
tell his story.
The attorney put the tall witness to a cross-examination
fully commensurate with the dignity of the case. ‘This cross-
examination would have passed more serenely if Gus had
been more at ease with himself and the world. But the
defeat of Thundercloud and the troubles of Kid had to some
extent disturbed him. He replied civilly enough to the
lawyer, but gave him sidelong glances out of his loug, narrow
black eyes, that to the gentleman of kid gloves and revised
statutes, were exceedingly disquieting.
“Now,” said Mr. J. J. Mory, attorney-at-law and notary
public, “just tell the jury how hard a blow you saw Went-
worth strike Samp.”
“QO, he gave him a pretty good lift.”
“But just how hard did he strike him ? Put some intelli-
gence into your answer.”
“Well, when Tom picked up the rocks ——”
“Never mind that. Tell the court, if you know enough,
just how hard Wentworth struck Samp. If you can’t tell,
illustrate.”
“How?”
“Why, raise your fist, and sink it just about like he did.”
“Weil, all right.” Then Gus turned to the lawyer, raised
his brown hand, drew up his fist, and before the astonished
attorney could back out of his way, sunk it upon his chest,
knocking him clear off the rostrum and sliding him along the
floor until he lost his balance and fell over a chair, knocking
its component parts into the air, and at last alighted, face
down on the floor.
Gus turned to the jury and said with awful coolness :
“Gentlemen, that’s about the sort of a lick Kid gave Tom
the first time he caressed him with his fist. He didn’t hit
quite so hard with his glove.”
Mr. J.J. Mory rose, wiped the blood and dust off his face,
and returned to his post. But he ceased to cross-question
Gus. He felt no doubt that he had obtained from him all
the information he desired, so he proceeded with other wit-
nesses.
Though the attorney ceased to cross-question Gus, he
labored heroically to bring in a decision against Kid. Kid
