228 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
tion of the house was on fire, and to assist Jim in soaking
tho ladies’ heads in the flume. In fact all these performances
were so very undignified that the less said of them the
better.

CHAPTER XXV.
AT THE CIRCLE BAR.
Tue long, low adobe building at the Circle Bar was as
light as a dozen tallow candles could make it. A huge fire
of pifion burned bright in the long fireplace. On the dark,
smoked walls were several gun racks where lay at rest as
many rifles of as many makes. The rude furniture consisted
of three wooden chairs with rawhide seats, six or eight rough
boxes, eight saddles lying on the floor and a set of plain,
rough cooking utensils. One of these boxes was the cup-
board, another the table. Behind a curtain at one end of the
long room, the curtain put up expressly for this occasion,
were concealed two bunks. It might be therefore inferred
that four of the Circle Bar outfit slept in the bunks while the
others made pillows of their saddles and beds of the floor.
The supper was a thing of the past and the rough floor was
clean swept. The dogs were barking furiously, and ‘Texas
Ike and his seven satellites were out helping their lady
guests out of their vehicles and off their horses. In at the
open door came Jim and Mary and all the Bar Eleven out-
fit, Bella Martin and the Chases, Broncho Charlie, Gus
Waite, Stanley Lancaster, four young ladies from Aspen
Creck, Jere Herron and wife, the Greggs, and all the cow-
boys far and near who had heard of this. wonderful ball;
and last but not least the two Talbert boys from Milroy
City; they were in the most elegant evening dress and
formed a decided contrast to the cowboy-costumed company.
‘The ladies were shown the retreat behind the curtain, whither
they retired to lay aside their wraps. They emerged gorgeous
as the roses of June. All the misses by a preconcerted
arrangement were in white decked with glossy, bright-
colored ribbons. Mary wore the costume which her husband
liked best—black lace over scarlet silk. They seated them-
selves upon the saddles and upon spring seats which the
gentlemen had brought in. Mary selected the saddle she
knew to belong to Texas Ike, thus paying that gentleman a
