106 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
Jim had opened his lips to speak, but he was too slow.
Amy spoke quiekly: “Well then, if Mary will go, and there’s
no holding her back, can’t you take care of the horse, Mr.
Lancaster ?” .
«T certainly can, Miss Chellis,” said Stanley.
“ And don’t you two folks be so happy together that you'll
forget all about poor us;” she called after them.
Mary struck up a song Stanley had taught her; he joined
in the long rollicking chorus that echoed musically through
the evening air. When they arrived at the Hogan gate,
neither man nor vehicle was in sight save the phaeton, now
amere black speck in the east-bound road. Btanley lifted
her out of the saddle and placed her upon her feet. Instinct-
ively her eyes turned to follow the vanishing vehicle. It
was an unlucky moment for her; Stanley, encouraged by
her warmth of the afternoon, clasped her hand tightly, threw
an arm round her, and bent over her face with intent not to
be mistaken. Goaded to the utmost by the miseries of the
day, she now became a firebrand. She struck wildly at him
with the hand that was free, and in burning and uncontrol-
lable anger stormed out volumes of defiance and hate, not
knowing herself the full significance of her incoherent
anathemas; for reason had for the moment fled, leaving
only the mad defeated cohorts of passion in command. Stan-
ley freed her and tried to apologize. She answered with
such bitter defiance that he almost lost hope. But he was
accustomed to women as a class and confident of conciliat-
ing.even so unusual a specimen. He kept on apologizing
and giving his affection as an excuse. She made no answer
to the tender of love, but presently agreed to allow their
friendship to goon. Then she went into the house. Happy
at finding the sitting-room deserted, she ran into her little
bedroom. It was cold in there, but it was a refuge while
she calmed her nerves. She took up the little-diary and
read therein of her bygone favor for Stanley. “It was the
ripple that preceded the earthquake wave,” she muttered.
Then she tried to write, but the pencil did not move. “There
are no words,” she muttered, “none; there is only dumb
anguish that all the language of earth cannot portray.
Love requires no conditions; it is fate; it comes to us un-
desired and leaves us vanquished and lost. It is a cyclone
that enwraps and wrecks us against our will. She, who
has everything, has won; and I, who have nothing, have
