136 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
company. Mary tried hard to prevail on Kid to furnish
music as he had proved his ability to do; for when Kid sat
down to the piano he could think of more than four lines
ofasong. But on this occasion his finger was so sore that
he could not possibly play, and his cold so malignant that
he could not sing, although before he knew of Iola’s presence
on the ranche he had caroled so joyously in the barn-yard
that the echoes of his gleeful voice were borne into the
house.
On the next morning the sisters went out to behold vari-
ous wonderful cowboy feats. Jim, Hen, Bill and Kid
mounted fiery cow ponies and rode at breakneck speed
round the corral, knocking off each other’s hats and picking
them up from the ground without slackening the speed of
their ponies. They threw lassoes and roped each other's
horses, and shot all the spots out of some playing cards
nailed to a post in the center of the inclosure. Kid then held
an ace of spades in his hand at a distance of about twenty paces
while each man in turn fired a pistol ball through the center
of it. Jim then made a circle round the center of the card, for
he was not to be beaten at marksmanship, even if he did not
carry an arsenal strapped round him when out on the range.
These performances made the ladies wild with admiring
delight, and Mary wrung from her husband a promise to
teach her the art of pistol shooting. The Kid then opened
the corral bars with his foot, and the four men rode out into
a field where Jim was winter-pasturing some of his stock.
Each one singled out an animal, rode hard at it, and after
several ineffectual attempts seized it by the tail, gave the
taila turn round the horn of the saddle, and giving the
horse a quick impetus forward, turned the captured animal
directly over. Then waving their hats in triumph, the men
rode back to the ladies, but they did not receive from their
fair watchers the praise they expected. Tola was shocked aid
Mary very angry. The latter gave the gentlemen a good
round lecture on the subject of cruelty to animals that broke
up the entertainment forthwith. The ladies suddenly found
that the weather was cold, and retired into the house.
_ The next few weeks were uneventful save as weeks of
ripening friendship and social enjoyment. Tola made known
certain traits which the reader may wish to be informed of.
One of these was a peculiar dislike for washing dishes; it
was Tola’s fixed task and was duly performed by her; but her
face was always defiant and her voice high and variable
