LOVE THOUGHTS. 299
his knee, no crown but his hand, no girdle of splendor save
his arm.”
“Then, Mary, how can you be so independent? I should
think such love would bow one.”
“The independence and caprice you see me display are
firstly a part of my nature, and secondly the result of study.
I will not weaken before my husband less he learn to despise
me or look upon me as of light importance, thus destroying
his bliss as well as my own. I will give him love, warmth,
caresses, entertainment, and assistance whenever possible.
Shall I undervalue these gifts by cheapening the bestower ?
I will try never for an instant to be either insignificant or
cold. It is the duty of the woman who has @ good husband
to cultivate loveliness for his sake. The noble have every
right to claim and enjoy the beautiful.”
“But, Mary, ian’t that view unjust to the plain women ?”
“There are few plain women save such as create or consent
to their plainness. Beauty is largely a matter of personal
control. Feature is far less than beauty, because beauty is
far more than feature. Has not your reading convinced you
that many of the most fascinating women have had fewest
physical attractions? Can you pronounce beautiful the
vacant face, the expressionless eye, the meaningless laugh,
the automaton voice? Can you call homely the cultured
face bearing its wealth of soul-history, its ready, beamin;
eye, the well-trained, well-timed laugh, the voice replete with
intelligence, sympathy, high-souled individuality, and con-
sideration, unknown to prejudice, servility, peevishnesg and
spite? The homeliest woman I ever saw was one who pos-
sessed great natural advantages. She would not have been
perfectly beautiful in any event, but she might have been
fascinating in the extreme. Her features were coarse, but
she had a fine form, and eyes that might have been full of
expression. But servile to the creed of her church, to the
doctrine of a political party that recognized her not, and to
the opinions of her father, she was brimful of prejudices
that did not afford the slightest tolerance to the views and
ideas of others. Her voice became crabbed, complaining,
dead, and dictatorial by turns; her face threw out picket
lines to call in those who could give the agreeable counter-
sign, and shut out those who dared to have opinions of their
own. All pointed to her as a ‘good girl,’ yet none could or
did love her. Her parents were Toyal to her of course, but
even they could not give her affection and warmth. You
