54 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
“ Any children?”
“Not here. They’ve got a daughter back east tryin’ to
support a drunken husband, and then they’ve got a son in
Sacramento, They've been here about seven years, and
have done well, considerin’ how hard up they was when they
come.”
“What do they do? Are they farmers?”
« Well, the old man does do a little ranchin’ now, but for
a long time him an’ her kept a truck-patch, and sold the stuff
in Milroy City. I tell you they done well. Jim let’em
have house-room, and let em have five acres of ground on the
shares ”
«“ Jim who?”
~ Oh, here I go again, talkin’ away about some one you
don’t know. Why, dim Madnau, of course—feller that came
here more’n seven years ago from York State—cattleman—
gettin’ rich fast.”
“ Has he any children?” (Was there ever a young girl
who did not wonder whether some rich man in her new field
might be the father of a noble and handsome son ?)
“Children ? Why, bless you, no; he ain’t got any wife
ret.’
«« Why, he is pretty old, isn’t he?”
“Just about a good age to marry. Told me he was
twenty-one when he come here, and he’s been here seven
years. He’s got a good house up there that he built a year
ago, and I shouldn’t wonder if he’d be hunting a wife to put
into it one of these days.”
“T shouldn’t think he’d have any trouble finding one, as
rich as you say he is. Is he handsome ?”
“ Well, now, there’s nothin’ flashy about Jim; he’s a very
good-lookin’ young man, but he’s not one of the sort that
goes slashin’ round wastin’ all be earns on perfumery and
neckties and tailor bills. He has good clothes, and he wears
’em when the right time comes; but, as I said before,
there’s nothin’ flashy about him.”
“JT suppose the girls are all in love with him ?”
“ Well, I know one thing; they can’t none of ’em have
any serious objection to Jim. As to their bein’ in love with
him, I can’t say; he’s a feller that don’t bother ’em much.
Never heard of him waitin’ on any girl but Colonel Chellis’s
Amy, and I never heard of him takin’ heranywhere but once
or twice.”
“ Amy Chellis. I heard of her while I was in Milroy.
City. Is she here now?”
