THE MYSTERIES OF COWBOYISM. 45
is, why can’t we walk ?” she asked. She did not altogether
like tho idea of an uncertain horse and a man’s saddle, with
only Jim Madnau to catch her if she fell.
“Can’t do any good holdin’ cattle on foot,” said Jim de-
cidedly. Then he added: “But Kate won’t burt you, when
she’s all right in the morning she’s all right for all day. I’ve
rode her for years.”
“Very well, then; I’ll be ready,” said Mary, mentally de-
termining to be a good girl, go with the undesired escort, and
throw her perverseness away. Perhaps after all she would
get some information out of him. She could endure his
searching, watching, annoying, haunting, pursuing, jealous
glance for an hour or so, if she could really learn something.
fe was soon by her side, leading the pretty Kate.
«0, this is the horse you were riding when you came by
my school-house, the first time I saw you,” she exclaimed in
enthusiastic honest admiration. “Oh, she's perfect beauty !
You don’t mean to tell me she ever misbehaves ? ”
Both men laughed; Jim at the warm and unaffected praise
of his capricious favorite, and Stanley at the very thought of
Kate having good qualities. For Kate be it remembered was
the property of Jim, Had Stanley owned her, he would
doubtless have been less prejudiced. Jim had turned one
stirrup, which was no small task because of the numerous
leathers in the way.
Mary, all the time protesting that all Kate’s faults must
be wholly imaginary, was lifted into the saddle by Jim. He
placed her foot in the stirrup and somewhat awkwardly
arranged her dress so as to make it answer as well as possi-
ble for a habit. He then mounted his own horse, which all
this time had been quietly munching grass, and the two rode
to where the Hogans still sat talking with Bill Coffroth and
the other cattle owners.
“Good-bye for the present,” said Mary to Lancaster as
they left him standing alone. And Lancaster waved his
hand, then lifted his hat, then he turned away, saddled a
horse, mounted, and galloped off in the direction of the
s.
“ How long are you two larkies goin’ to be gone ?” asked
Mr. Hogan, well pleased, now that Mary was under Jim’s
protection. Now that Lancaster was gone, Mary saw that
she must make the best of Madnau, else she was certain of a
dull afternoon; so she smiled and brightened.
“It’s all owing to Mr. Madnau,” she said. “If he gets
