364 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
weapons. “]’Il kill the man that so much as touches it with
a careless finger! They ain't one of us here but ought to
be proud of such a woman! God bless her! I only wish
she’d a killed me and give mea chance to pay for my cussed-
ness in Hell! I’ve been to a few neck-tie parties before,
but never to such a one as the gittin’ away with Jim Mad-
nau.”
“Pshaw! You might let us give her a farewell kiss, Ike,
seein’ she ain’t got no relatives ‘here to do it for her ;” said
Coffroth mockingly.
“Stop, you dog!” shouted Ike. “Shut your mouth, or
I'll mash it all over your face! Dog, she saved your dirty
life only yesterday! She’s kept herself pure, and by the
great God she shall be kept so! You touch her, and I’
make you rue it as you never rued anything yet.”
“Pugh! You're gettin’ good all at once, Ike,” said
Coffroth.
“Tm jest good ’nough to wipe up the ground with you,
and shoot the top of your head off, and cirew pieces of you
all over this park!”
Coffroth started to raise his revolver.
“O shoot, you! Nobody’s got any strings on you;
shoot!” roared Ike as he lifted his own weapons into posi-
tion. But the four Bar Eleven men disarmed Coffroth, and
then stood with raised weapons; for they were by no means
certain that the conflict was done. After a good deal of
profanity, Coffroth quieted. Although Tom Samp, always
ready to strike the unfortunate when he could do so with
safety to himself, had emptied his revolver, neither Sands,
Henry, Bane, nor Jennings had fired a shot at Mary. They
had stood ready for self-defense, but had made no effort to
protect the men whom she had shot. Gus and Kid now
stood near Mary’s body, while Bill and his companion stood
back as guards.
“Everybody put up your guns,” said Ike. ‘‘ They ain’t
no ’casion to fight. e hung a innocent man, and we’re
punished for it. No ’casion to fight. We'll do what we can
for the crippled ones, and bury the dead.”
The men put their revolvers away, but were ready to seize
them in an instant if there was need. There was a general
lack of faith between the rival cattle companies.
Charlie Ford was all this time cursing frightfully. His
wound was not dangerous, but was very painful.
“You ain’t got nobody to blame but yourself,” was all the

