GLooM. 367
lived on high wines for years to come down to cold water all
at once, and see how he likes it! I tell you, Ike Bane, I’m
mad—I’m mad for women! I’ve made myself such a drunk-
ard on the fascinations of women that the whole sex couldn’t
satisfy me. If I owned every woman that’s left in Colorado
Td never be sated. I’m like the dyspeptic that continually
eats, and that perpetually hungers and suffers. The gov-
ernment puts the women in our power. It forgets that
we have all the natural advantages, and so it gives us all the
artificial ones. We glut ourselves—we destroy our victims
—we let them as they are dying sap our ambition, manliness,
and strength. We—O, I git sick when I think of some of
the scenes I’ve been in!—where myself and the dog gangs
I run with left our victims half dead, and left ’em with more
scorn and less consideration than the brute male of any class
feels for the females of his kind. The more we glut ourselves
the more we hunger. We demand nothin’ but victims, vic
tims, victims! We laugh at their helplessness and disgrace,
and joke when they suffer and die. We lose every kindly
feelin’. We git to be perfect devils. The power to destroy
%em is give us by law when we’re too young to reason; and
we git soaked so full of sin before we come to our minds that
in most of us reason never dawns.
“TI tell you, Ike Bane, I don’t think of nothin’ but women.
T’ve no ambition left but to destroy women. I ain’t done a
day’s work in years that I didn’t expect to spend all my
wages over what it cost me to live, on women or some other
dissipation. My mind can’t form a vision that ain’t all
women and vice. Every move I make is to better my chances
with some woman. And I used to be bright. Used to
imagine I’d be a senator, or a great soldier, or somethin’
great. Don’t I look like somethin’ great now? All I’m
good for is to lie to make myself out what I hadn’t the cour-
age or ability to be, and try to pull some one else down and
make’em aslowaslam. Cowboy! I tried it, but I couldn’t
stay away from the women long enough to learn even the
beginnin’ of the trade. All I could do was to stand behind
a bar and fill the cowboys up with whiskey and make ’em
worse devils than they already were. And the other men
that’s here at this ranche; what do they think about but
foulness, and what'll they ever be but vagrants ?
«What's the government for, if it ain’t to put destruction
out of our reach? It calls us out to fight for it when it’s in
trouble, but puts all sorts of —-— pitfalls out to catch us and
