366 THE ADMINISTRATRIZ.
His rough hair was unkempt; he looked disconsolate and
worn. The place seemed hopelessly lonely.
Lat stood looking out of the window. His clothes were
untidy and ill arranged, as if by their careless appearance he
would announce his disgust with life. There was little for
him to see when he looked out of the window. The cloud
over Bernalillo had grown until it was an army that sent its
battalions far and near. ‘The far hills were hidden, and the
near ones were obscured by a white haze. The gulches and
chasms of the latter were marked by white lines that were
just visible through the overlying cloud. Lat gave vent to
a long sigh.
Without raising his face, Ike said slowly :
“Sam, I’m kinder disgusted with the whole business.”
“I was disgusted long ago,” said Lat, gloomily.
After a long pause in which neither moved, Ike asked :
“Sam, do you b’leeve anybody’s happy ?”
“T’ve seen a few. Saw one man since I was out here, I
thought was happy.”
“Who?” asked Tke.
Lat did not answer for a full minute; he kept his eyes
riveted upon the gloomy landscape. Presently he turne:
if something had stung him, donned a little of his old swag-
ger, and said:
“T don’t give a ; it was Jim Madnau.”
“T’ve heered,” said Ike timidly,” that you used ter kinder
envy Jim a little, Sam.”
Lat made no direct answer but presently said:
“ve noticed that when a feller is always graspin’ for
everything he sees, that he’s mighty apt, some day, to reach
after somethin’ that hangs too high for him. I’d give any-
thing now, if they’d been a law when I started out, makin’
me take my first woman for life. I’d a settled down then,
and took care of her and myself, and been civil, and maybe
wouldn’t a lost all my ambition. As it is, I’ve run from one
woman to another till I want every attractive woman I see,
and I despise ’em all as soon as I get em.”
“ Would you a despised Mrs. Madnau, if you’d a got her?”
“J don’t know. When I think of her I can’t help but
believe she'd a satisfied me. She could be everything; she
might a suited herself to all my moods. But I can’t tell.
It’s mighty certain I'll never know now.”
“But if you’d marry some good, quiet, decent gal, Sam.
“ Good, quiet, decent, girl be ! Advise a feller that’s

”


