144 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
nothin’ to eat them three days but two biscuits I happened
to have in my pocket, A fellow that was round writin’
books heard of that and he put me’in a novel. Maybe
you’ve read it; it’s ‘Choctaw Dick the Dauntless Terrifier ;
or, The Wild Scalp Snatcher of the Plains.’ I went in as
Sammie the Cowboy.”
“Indeed! I never read it, but I’d like to,” said Mary, as
she narrowly watched the fit of excitement Penobscot Bill
was laboring under.
“T’ve got a copy at home. Just one;” said Lat. I'd
send and get it for you if it wasn’t the last one I had.”
“Couldn’t you get me one of the publisher?”
“T might, I’ll write and see.”
Iola had succeeded in getting Kid to the piano, and she
and Gus were intently listening to his efforts. Hen Hall
was reading his Bible, while Jim was deep in a newspaper.
‘The conversation trio were therefore undisturbed. Mr. Jon.
nings went on:
«Well, I come out of that Indian scrape withouta scratch,
but I didn’t always git off so lucky. I remember one time
I was sent with a sheriff’s posse to capture a band of horse-
thieves that had been operatin’ in western Kansas. They
was sixteen of them and thirteen of us. We follered ’em
down into No Man’s Land and chased ’em into a sort of a
ravine. They stood their ground there and ”—but here he
migrated to the fireplace and spat, followed by Bill—“and
we sent in a flag of truce and asked ’em tosurrender. They
sent back word that they’d see us further off. We opened
fire on ’em then and kept shootin’ at everything we could
see movin’ till about the middle of the afternoon when we
charged ’em. I had a Winchester and I kept fillin’ it up and
givin’ ’em all they wasin it till two o’clock. Jest about then
I got a bullet in this arm here, and then I didn’t take no
more part in that fight, ’cept to fire my revolver a few times.
But we gotall them horse-thieves, though. When we charged
em, we found we’d killed all but four and we had them
pretty full of lead and we strung ’em up.”
“Well,” said Bill, “I never was much on the cut and
shoot myself, but I’ve got a brother back yonder that jest
shoots men to see ’em fall.”
Lat attached as little importance to this remark as people
usually do to the remarks of their echoes and satellites, and
went on:
“ Another time just before I was lected sheriff of Sancho
county—”
