WAYS AND MEANS. 265
Mr. Wolseley, the Browbeater candidate for president, and to
hear Judge Allenton speak. The great length of the pro-
gram made their return late. On Saturday afternoon Iola,
suspecting nothing, for Mary had not seen fit to communi-
cate her suspicions, went to stay all night with a friend who
lived near Cedar Ridge. The men, with the exception of
Jennings, who had been at work on the ranche, were out on
the range and did not get home till late. Supper was wait-
ing. Mary at last told Jennings to go to the table and eat
his supper. He agreed to this, saying that he wanted to get
over to Cedar Ridge, get his interview with Harcoot over
as soon as possible, and get back and to slecp. Having been
up so late the night before he did not want to lose another
night’s rest so soon. He and Mary sat alone at table. Jen-
nings, maybe because he was trying to conceal his intentions
for the evening, and maybe because he looked enviously at
the bright vision opposite him, indisputably the property of
another man, could not control his voice. He talked a great
deal, his nervousness increasing as he went on. He was
talking of the duties of gentlemen to ladies, trying to con-
vince his vis a vis what a model he was. Mary was infinitely
amused, and wickedly threw out baits to induce him to still
further glorify himself. Never before had he brushed his
portrait: so carefully. Jim and his outfit came in before
Jennings had quite finished his meal. As soon as he rose
from the table he hurried upstairs, dressed himsclf clab-
orately, donned his overcoat, for the October night was chill,
put on a new tan-colored hat which he had recently pur-
chased, and set out. Ashe closed the door behind him, Jim
winked at Kid, thus delighting Hen Hall and terrifying
Penobscot Bill; for the latter gentleman was greatly dis-
turbed lest his principal should come to grief. Nothing was
said, but yet Bill passed a very uneasy evening. Lat
mounted a horse which Jim had consented for him to ride,
and meeting Charlie Ford set out for the vicinity of Cedar
Ridge.
