STRANGE EVENTS. 81
jagged points on the right hand corresponding to irregu-
lar cavities on the left, showing that this four-foot subter-
ranean hall was but a fissure left in the rock after some aw-
ful convulsion of perhaps ages ago. This hallway leads to
asmall room from which branch off several halls, one of
which becomes for many yards a mere tunnel through which
the venturesome explorer must crawl. In the room is a
ledge of rock which is called the sofa, and a niche in the
wall about four feet from the floor which is called the card
receiver, and where many visitors have left cards. The roof
of this room is so lofty that the light of the tourist’s candle
fails to reveal it to the eye. The party broke into twos,
threes and fours for purposes of exploration. As they
started in their several directions, fearful groans and dire
shrieks were heard in a distant gallery, which caused several
to turn back. But although it was just two o'clock, the
time for the ghosts to groan and appear, the confidence of
the party was entirely restored by discovering that Kid was
absent from their midst. The explorations proceeded. When
Jim and Mary were alone, the former made a few pointed
remarks upon what he was pleased to designate the “cussed
freshness” of Stanley. Mary did not réply to these, and
then Jim fell to discoursing upon caves and the different
subterranean wonders it had been his lot to see. At half-
past two the party reassembled in the main room and
marched up the incline. The Kid kept in the rear, and
when asked if he heard any groans was honest enough to re-
ply that he did hear something strange about two o’clock.
And he looked so innocent that the crowd was merciful. At
three o'clock, after Mary had indulged in a short hunt for
specimens, in which her science-loving nature delighted, the
party were mounted and headed for home. Bernalillo was
behind them now, and the cultivated valley below. The
scenery was less fascinating, and Mary, her mind free to
act in the absence of new and entrancing sights, resolved
again to find Jim out. She introduced the subject of books.
She was surprised that Jim had read so much and s0 well.
But how he unconsciously slandered the great authors!
The idea of him coolly and without any idea of impropriety,
alluding to Ivanhoe as a “terror” and to Felix Holt as a
“roaring snort,” and referring with unsteady voice and al-
most with tears in his eyes to the death scene of Jean Val-
jean as “a big pow-wow.” Then with eyes full of earnest
tenderness he explained to Mary that the very country they
