THE HISTORY OF A DAY. 868
her horse, perhaps for the first time in her life, she dashed
after him, firing shots into his body from both the revolvers
she held. He looked back over his shoulder as a ball en-
tered his back, uttered a despairing cry, turned as if to re-
turn the fire, and fell face upward. The maddened horse,
rendered uncontrollable by excitement, ran over his prostrate
body, crushing in his ribs, and planting a hoof in his face,
that laid the skull at the forehead bare. During this time
the men had drawn their revolvers, and several shots had
been fired at her, one of them entering her left arm. With-
out a cry of pain she turned toward them and said: “That
is all of you that I want. I have avenged my husband’s
death upon your leaders. I am ready to die.”
Several revolvers were raised, but J. C. Talbert shouted:
“Stop! Every one of you! One of her arms is broken.
Rope her, and we'll hang her as she deserves!”
And then Charley Ford made a remark which need not be
repeated, but it was an unlucky remark for him. It had
seareely been uttered when Mary sent a ball through his
side,
“No man will take me alive,” she said as she turned to-
ward J.C. Talbert. But before she could fire, the bullets
were raining round her again. One had passed through the
muscles of her right arm. She grasped the revolver and
tried to steady it, but it was a fruitless effort. The weapon
fell to the ground. She felt quick, sharp pains in her body.
She wondered why blood was running from her mouth down
upon her shirt front. She wondered why her horse was
plunging so madly, and why she could not lift her arms to
control him. She wondered why Ike Bane was crying, and
why the cattle had begun to stampede. But there came
Jim riding Kate. He would hold her horse and quiet him.
There, he had hold of the bridle now, and was putting out
his other arm for her. She would sink into it, for she was
so tired. How kind it was for him to get there just as she
was in such trouble. She sunk upon his arm and was soon
asleep, forgetful of the blood on her bosom, the plunging
horse, her useless arms, and the running herd.
‘When Mary began to reel in her saddle, her feet left the
stirrups, and her lifeless body fell to the ground. Coffroth,
Talbert, and several of their men rushed to the body as if
they would stamp upon it. Gus, Kid, and Bill Hammin
started forward with drawn revolvers, but Ike was first.
“Let that body be!” he shouted as he flourished his
