THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 189
“The weary Louise scarcely gave him a second look, but
proceeded to set out some cold food for supper. Her father
hurried back to town; he was so absorbed in his gambling
that breakfast was the only meal he usually ate at home.
“After Louise had seated herself at table she for a moment
studied her companion’s face. He was not like the Tamarack
men. He was not weakly or insignificantlooking in the
least, but he had the appearance of a student; while not at
all handsome, his face and person had many redeeming
traits. She entered into conversation with him.
“« Have you ever been in Tamarack before ?’ she asked.
“¢No, never.’
«“¢You have friends where you came from, I suppose ??
“¢T have a mother ; that’s all.’
“And how will she get along alone ?”
“¢Well, she has a little house and does sewing. T’ll send
her money as I get it. I’m trying to get through college
—go to school in winter and work at whatever I can find to
doin summer. I’ve arranged to enter at the beginning of
the second term and graduate in the spring. I can do that
by studying hard.’
“© T's go disagreeable to be poor.’
« ¢Well, I never saw anyone who particularly desired pov-
erty, but then after all it has its advantages. Wealth is apt
to make people lazy.’
“Did papa say how long you were to stay here?”
“« He said he’d keep me as long as I gave satisfaction.’
“«T want to tell you one thing about papa. He is alittle
hard to suit. He is very particular about things. You
must bear with him patiently.’
“6T can only do my best.
“Then after a little pause he said, glancing at the papers :
“<T gee you read?
“<Yes, those are my papers. I’d die without them. I
often have to sit here alone till two o’clock. The coyotes
howl like packs of fiends, and the interest in those columns
is the only weapon with which I can fight the depressing
effect_they produce:
“We might read together. We can read the papers and
then I have a few good books in my valise.’
“©O, that will be delightful!” she exclaimed, and the
weary look fled, and left her bright and enthusiastic.
“The new hand found the papers to be of ahigh order. He
tead with ardor while Louise put away the supper things.
