THE HEART HISTORY OF HEN HALL. 293
been to four. She’d been to the last one ’bout an hour before
and had got abusive and quarrelsome. The bartender said
her child was cryin’ too, so he’d pushed her out doors and
told her to go home or to the Devil, he didn’t care which. I
reached over the counter and give that bartender one on the
nose that jest made the paint fly. Then I rushed out in the
street yellin’ like a hyena and cussin’ like h—Il. _ Tjest run
through the snow, cryin’ and yellin’, and callin’ Salina, and
purty soon I fell over somethin’. It was yieldin’ like, and
when I put down my band I found it was a human critter. I
fumbled in my pocket and got a match and struck it agin
my boot, shadin’ it from the wind with my hat. Then I
pulled away the old shaw] that hid the face. I’d found her,
Missus; I’d found her! O God! I’d found her!” And
Hen started up in bed and beat the covers wildly, while his
eyes glared and his face worked convulsively. Mary arose
and soothed him into quietude. Then as tears streamed
across his livid, contorted face he went on:
“T lifted her up in my arms, baby and all—Salina was a
little thing and I had the strength of a giant—and then I
run through the blindin’ snow to my lodgin’ house. I put
them two on the bed and wrapped ’em in blankets, and then I
rounded-up a doctor. The child was dead—poor little pale,
half-starved yearlin’ that hadu’t never had a decent range to
run on, while his old father was livin’ in plenty, and the
country runnin’ over with shelter and feed. We worked
with Salina all night, and in the mornin’ she was jest barely
alive, and she knowed me. And if you'll believe me, Missus,
she hadu’t a hard word for me, not one. She jest cried
quietly when I told about the baby, and said she’d be with
him soon. I asked her if she'd forgive me and marry me and
she said she would, though it would only be to make a
widower of me. I sent for a preacher and we was married
right there, with Salina lyin’ on the bed too weak to set up,
and our little dead yearlin’ lyin’ beside her.
“T sent out and got a satin-lined coffin—yes, Missus, I that
was too low-lived to git my boy a cradle while he was alive,
could sneak in after he was dead and buy a satin-lined coffin
for him. And then after we’d both kissed him and cried
over him, I sent him out to be decently buried. I didn’t go,
for I couldn’t leave my poor, weakly wife.
“Well, a sort of peace come to me then, and I nursed and
petted Salina and bought her all sorts of good things, though
she couldn’t eat much of ’em. She asked for a Bible, and I
