342 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
chased for forty-five dollars. _O well, fate is often criss-cross.
But be it stated right here that the lady eventually realized
her bright hopes. She had a widowed father who was quite
as fond of liquor as was her lover, and this father was of
great assistance to her in the settlement of her fortunes.
Old Mr. Huskers warmly approved the match ; what if Tom
did borrow all his friends poor, and pay out the borrowings
for drinks? Might not some of those same drinks find their
way to the mouth of Mr. Huskers? ‘The old man saw that
if the match waited for prosperity it must wait for aye. He
considered that the time to seize a sou-in-law was just any
time that such seizure was possible. So when he saw that
Tom was slow, he took measures to hurry him. He did a
wise and politic thing. He began to oppose the match with
all his might. He forbade Tom the premises, and informed
him that no such excuse for a man as he was, need try to
wed the daughter of Ebenezer Huskers. He soon found
that he had judged his man right. Tom stole up to the
house one dark night in the November following, and having
loaded the weighty lady into a lumber wagon, took her to a
justice of the peace and had the marriage ceremony duly
ratified.
But how often it chances that our sweetest hopes turn
bitter ere they are realized. Themarriage proved disastrous
to Mr. Huskers, after all. He and his daughter had long
lived alone in the old gentleman’s cabin; Tom immediately
after the ceremony, moved in, also. He brought no goods
with him; all his belongings he had lost on Thundercloud,
but he, himself, became a fixture. Moreover, he sold one of
the old man’s horses to pay off the money borrowed to pay
his lawyer’s fee, and his wedding expenses. Still further,
he insisted on prolonging the quarrel with his father-in-law.
The old gentleman had opposed his marriage and called him
an excuse for a man, and Tom did not propose to let such
insults drop into oblivion. He made the house so lively for
the old man that the latter soon moved out of it, and lived
alone in a still older cabin about two furlongs distant. ‘Tom
took charge of the ranche, and it became necessary for the
old man to conduct himself with extreme modesty when in
the presence of his son-in-law.
Kid received some consolation after all. He sought out
Bella Martin in the evening after he had been given his
liberty by the law loosing its grasp of his collar. He walked
from the Hogan ranche, where she had spent the evening, with


