66 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
Then she looked down at her own cheap red cashmere, faded
and made over; she thought of the rose in her hair and the
bow at her waist that had done service on her summer hat,
her old Japanese fan compared to that other of ivory and
painted satin; her dark sunburned cheeks—and then the
tears began to fall.
The fire had burned low and the room was chilly ; she took
her cloak and wrapped herself in it; she took a book from
the table, but it was a disagreeable book, and made her tears
fall faster. Once, twice, thrice, the command had been given
to choose partners—then she could not tell how, he had got
there without her hearing, but Lancaster stood before her,
handsome and irresistible in the conventional evening black.
“Why, Miss Fleming! what’s gone wrong ?” he asked.
“Nothing; but I’m homesick—as I can be.”
“Well, well! Here I’ve been looking for you everywhere,
and everybody has been asking everybody else where you
were, and everybody answered that you must be in that other
room. Aud now I find you here, erying your eyes out be-
cause you’re homesick. Don’t you dance ?”
“ Yes—a little—somctimes.”
“Then why aren’t you downstairs ? ”
Mary was ashamed to confess, but she did. She told him
all about how she came to be left alone, and laughed with him
over it.
“Well, get rid of those tears and we'll stand at the head
of the set in the big room.”
“Will there be time to get the tear stains off?” she
asked playfully.
“Certainly ; this is only the first figure.”
She went to the wash-stand, bathed her face and rearranged
her hair. Then they had a delightful talk about Colorado,
Indiana, and lastly New York, Lancaster’s native state.
Mary told her many adventures and trials in the strange
land, and Lancaster complimented her on her bravery and
perseverance, rounding off every sentence with his long,
smooth, delightful little laugh. It was time to godown and
take their places all too soon. _
“Are the marks all gone?” she asked, pointing to her
cheeks as she arose.
“Yes, and your eyes are shining like two stars. Come on.”
He took her hand and drew it through his arm. They
walked down stairs, and entering the large room, stationed
themselves at its head.
