204 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
standings often arose, and pitched battles were sometimes
fought. ‘These affairs were of course duly described to Aunt
Ellen by her children. Tom and Archie, being possessed of
a good flow of language, were generally selected by the
mother as spokesmen. ‘Their narratives were accepted with-
out question, while mine were branded as infamous false-
hood. Knowing from both observation and experience that
children are apt to exaggerate, especially in their own favor,
I fear that this early reportorial training, together with tho
easy credulity of Aunt Ellen in regard to all they related,
might have had something to do with forming that lack of
accuracy in narration for which Tom and Archie are at
present celebrated. Another proof of the heavy burden I
was to my relatives.
“Tt may be inferred that after Ithad graduated, that my
relatives would have withdrawn their surveillance and ,al-
lowed me to proceed in my own way with the life I was
entering. Not so. Far from it. Aunt Ellen said that
now that I was going into society my temper would need
closer watch than ever; it would never do for me to fly into
a passion at a party, and disgrace the entire family for all
time to come. Grandma sent me word not to tell lies to the
young men. Cousin Nora assured me that I needed to ac-
quire polish, and that without it I would never get on in so-
ciety. Tom warned me to cast aside my hoydenish ways.
Uncle Bluecut advised me to be very careful in my choice of
words, and not to mutilate the English language in my usual
style. Archie requested me to be more careful about what
he was pleased to call my ‘attempted wit. Kate felt it her
duty to keep my male friends cognizant of my evil ways, so
that they might not be deceived. Nellie was a dear, good
cousin, but she worried both herself and me into the fidgets
over my lack of style.
“So with Aunt Ellen as guardian of my temper ; grandma,
grand caretaker of my veracity ; Nora, polisher of my polish;
Tom, inspector-general of my morals and manners; Uncle
Bluecut, regulator of my English; Archie, lord-lieutenant of
my wit; Kate, lady protector of my gentleman friends ; and
Nellie, provost-marshal of my style, it will be readily seen
that I was well looked after.
“T shall never forget my first party; how I had dreamed
over it; what an event it was to ben and what an event it
did prove to be after all!
“On the eventful evening, with glowing cheeks and flutter-
