THE HEART HISTORY OF HEN HALL, 291
Throw up yer hands,’ Well, the marshal was scared out of
a year’s growth, and he jest backed into the first door he
come to} it was a saloon, and they was seven of us in there.
The boys tore his star off and put it onto me, and then
chucked him down cellar, and locked the door. Then we
run the town till nearly dark. Everybody got off the streets
and left us in charge.
«Finally I got rid of a big double-barreled yell, and was
lookin’ round to see how it took effect. There wa’n’t no one
in sight but our gang, ’ceptin’ a purty little gal in a white
dress. I saw she was spurrin’ straight for me, and I tell you
I wanted to cut sticks. But before I could get a move on
my broncho she was standin’ beside me. She was cryin’,
and she spoke up and says: ‘Say, Mister, you look like a
gentleman. My ma's terrible sick and bout to die, I wish
you’d coax these fellers to cut and run.’ Them wasn’t jest
the words but they was the sentiments.
“Lwas jest drunk enough to be a darn fool, and says I,
«Gimme a kiss, sweetness, and it’s done; not unless.” She
commenced to cry harder than ever, and I set there hard
hearteder nor any devil. Purty soon she whipped off a brown
cotton glove, and still a hangin’ her head, held up a little
white hand. I snatched it, and then the little bit o’ decency
I had left commenced to stand up on its hind heels and bray.
I couldn’t kiss that little hand; I jest pressed it tight, and
told her I was the Devil, and passed a few other compliments
on myself, I felt better after expressin’ these sentiments,
80 I collected that gang o’ men and we lit.
«Well, I quit swiggin’ whiskey and took a bath. I got me
a new blue flannel shirt with some braided anchors on it,
and got me a red and blue hat band; then I went to see that
little gal. She treated me like a gentleman, which I wasn’t,
and I kept on goin’ to see her whenever I was close around.
Well, one day I somehow asked her to marry me. She hung
her head a minute, and then she said yes. 0, I never was so
happy. I just yelled out. Iketched her in my arms and kissed
her till I fell to cryin’ tears all over her face. O Missus, she
was purtier than an angel.
«Well, I was with a hard lot, and I s°pose that was part
the reason of me actin’ the way did. Woe may say that thers
no danger of us being influenced by the herd we run with,
but if we'll jest watch ourselves we'll find out. If we want
to behave ourselves we’d better try runnin’ with a civil herd.
The boys in camp was nearly all of ’em tellin’, whenever
