174 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,.
obnoxious hand. He feared Jennings would leave, and he
very much desired to retain him until after the first hay crop
was cut, at least. So Mary watched for Lat, and meeting
him alone, gave him a few words of embarrassed apology,
telling him it was natural for her to war with any one who
would war with her, and begging him to overlook past rude-
ness. Lat graciously made terms; he beamed good-will to
every one at supper, and after the meal was over washed
dishes in a manner to delight the heart of any miss of
eighteen, He forgot all his past troubles with these irrev-
erent ladies, and in the bliss of restored favor his ready
tongue acknowledged no restraint.
a ‘Where did you learn to wipe dishes so nicely ?” queried
(ola.
“Well, when I was down in the Territory workin’ for
m’ uncle, I cooked most of the time, and the other boys rode.
M’ uncle didn’t care for the money ; he was so anxious for
me to stay with him that he paid me eighty or a hundred
dollars a month.”
“But you didn’t have regular dishes, did you ?”
“No; tin dishes. But I tell you the boys was particular.
I jest had to make them tin things shine.”
“You ought to have saved lots of money.”
“But I didn’t, though. We boys all carried lots of style.
Iused to wear an eighteen dollar hat for everyday, and a
pair of boots made to order that never cost less’n nineteen
or twenty dollars. My hair was long then—come clear down
over my shoulders; used to keep it braided in long braids.
Then I was always killin’ rattlesnakes, and I used to skin
’em and paste their hides around my boot-tops, and around
my hat-crown, and on my saddle skirts and stirrup leathers.”
« Well—you must have looked peculiar.”
“Well, I guess you’d a thought so. One time four of us
come up out of the Territory to Quinine Center; we didn’t
let our folks know we'd come, but we jest went to a barber’s
and got him to trim our mustaches and unbraid our hair and
oilit, and then we went to the skatin’ rink, rattlesnake skins
and revolvers and all. Well, everybody else jest got off the
floor and looked at us four. I was flyin’ along when my
partner slid right agin me. My rollers flew up, and down
went right onto one o’ my revolvers; it took me right in the
side here, and like to a made me sick. But I took off my
cartridge belt and both my guns and hung ’em on the wall,
and then I jest more’n flew round thore. Well, they was a
feller that had a show there that night, and he come and
