THE DARLING OF THE CIRCLE BAR. 317
always ready to be jealous of each other, that each one likes
to be honored and followed by an attractive boy.
When she applied to Texas Ike for employment, he told
her that he did not know just what her chances were. He
was of the opinion that another hand was needed, but he
could not say positively until he had seen the Talberts.
But she was welcome to stay till he learned their pleasure.
In the meantime she could help with the riding if she liked.
“ What’s yer name, boy ?” asked Ike kindly.
“You can call me Mose Jones.”
“Well, Mose, peel off yer saddle and turn yer hoss inter
the corral. You're welcome to yer grub till I see the boys.”
And now that Mary has been introduced as Mose Jones,
she will be referred to in that character during her assump-
tion of it.
Both Mose and his horse were weary. They had come up
from New Mexico on a forced march. The way is long,
and the ranches, towns and water courses far apart. There
is little protection from either cold or heat. ‘The view is
sometimes fine, but often infinitely dreary. No wonder the
mustang hung his head and the rider looked worn. Mose
turned the animal into the corral and gave him hay. Then
he dragged his saddle into the. house to serve for a pillow,
and untied his pair of blankets and spread them upon the
rough floor for a bed. Then he threw himself down and
slept heavily for hours. When the men came in in the
evening, he sat on a rough box near the door, his face and
hands fresh washed, and his soft, dark hair brushed well
away from his forehead. He looked depressed and weary.
The men gave him a “Hello,” and he replied in the same
vein. They examined his saddle as it lay on the floor,
and his chaps, spurs and hat as they hung upon the wall,
inguiting concerning their value and make. Mose answered
rather shortly, and did not seem inclined to talk. The
force was not just the same as it had been of old. Two of
the seven were missing and their place was supplied by a
kindly-looking old man with curly gray hair, and by a pre-
vious member of the Bar Eleven outfit, Lat Jennings.
“Yer togs looks kinder Spanish,” said Griff Henry,
kindly.
“Tm from New Mexico,” said Mose, shortly.
“From New Mexico? Well, I'll swan. How is things
down there, now ?”
“Slow,”
