822 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
All the others followed the example, even Everet contribut-
ing. ‘To their astonishment Mose quietly counted themoney,
announced the amount, and put it into his pocket.
“T s’pose you'll pray, now,” said Hank, rather discon-
tentedly.
“T don’t care to pray, but I'll sing.” In a voice full of
pathos and by no means without natural advantages, he be-
gan to sing. First came some of the sweet old hymns our
mothers loved; then Whittier’s song to Mrs. Stowe’s Eva;
then songs of patriotism, echoing and vibrating with love of
native land; then several touching old ballads, ending at last
with the pathetic and romantic story, The Dying Ranger,*
his voice sinking with exquisite tenderness on the last elo-
quent stanza:
“One bright smile of pleasure,
His pallid face o'erspread ;
. : One quick convulsive shudder,
‘And the Ranger boy was dead.
We dug his grave both wide and deep,
And laid him down to rest,
‘ With a saddle for a pillow
And the lone star on his breast.”

As his voice died away, the bowed heads and concealed
eyes of his auditors spoke his success. The candles flickered
on the walls. It was late, and the men had lost all thought
of going to Milroy City. Mose left the box upon which he
had been sitting, and spreading down his blankets, lay down,
as usual employing his saddle to support his head.
“Now look here, Mose,” said Lat after quite a long pause,
“Td like to know what a feller is to do with Sunday if he
don’t rowdy a little. A feller can’t always be civil. Now
when I get older, I ‘low to settle down and be smooth. But
when a feller’s young, he’s got to do somethin’ with his
Sundays.”
“If I was boss of my destiny, and had lots of dust,” said
Mose, “I'd try to do somethin’ to settle that point. I be-
lieve in a day ‘of rest, and I’d try to fix a way to employ
part of it. I'd build a Sunday resort in every town as long
as the swag held out. I’d have every kind of good readin’
there, and a musical instrument, and plenty of fine pictures.
I'd keep the doors open from six in the morning till eleven
* A very common song among the cowboys. I have never seen it
in print and caunot give the name of the author.
