104 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
They were alougside in a moment, Jim upon Mary’s side
of the vehicle.
“Out sunning yourselves, ladies?” asked Stanley, after
the greetings had been passed.
“Yes,” answered Amy; “I suppose you might call it
that. Ladies have to go out sunning themselves alone, now-
adays, if they go at all,” she added, laughingly, shaking her
whip, first at one, then at the other.
“Tm sure, then, that they are themselves to blame,” re-
torted Stanley.
“The idea!” she said, with a mischievous little laugh.
“Now, there are you two gentlemen on horseback, and we
two girls in the phaeton, and neither of you have the courage
to advise any alteration in the crowd. That looks like we
were to blame.”
“ We do advise an alteration, to be sure,” said Stanley.
“Of course, of course,” said Jim. “Here, Stan, your
horse is very gentle; Miss Fleming likes to ride horseback.”
“QO, Mary, it is the very horse Mr. Madnau is riding now
that you ride so much, isn’t it? You said you liked her so
much,” said Amy.
Tt is jealousy that first tells us of the birth of love. Mary
did not want to hear Stanley’s little compliments and tiresome
little laugh; but what she dreaded most was seeing Jim in
the phaeton with Amy. Hadn’t Amy enough blessings with-
out Jim Maduau? She made a feeble effort to keep things
as they were.
“But I’m afraid I'll tumble off that saddle, though,” she
said.
“ Why, Mary, you contrary little witch, you! Why, you
told me just this morning that you rode Mr. Madnau’s sad-
dle the day you were out at the round-up camp. Come now,
be good ; and don’t spoil all the fun.”
“But I haven’t any riding dress.”
“Oh; is that all? WellI can remedy that. Hereis the
summer lap robe under the seat. I can pin this round you
and just make you look splendid. Stand up now, like the
good little school-marm you are.” Amy adjusted the robe,
tying the frings together until she had produced a very fair
semblance of a skirt. Amy declared that Mary looked
charming, and that she herself would ride Mr. Madnau’s
horse if there was any possibility whatever of her being able
to ride a man’s saddle. Mary stood, the object of observ-
ance on the part of the church people who kept passing
