188 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
stood about half a mile outside the closer cluster of fouses,
with a well beaten path extending from its front door into
town. As one stood at the door of this house there
were but two points of interest—the shallow river with its
low banks unshaded by tree or shrub, and far away in the
west the rising swells that indicate the approaches to the
Rockies.
“Adown this path one August evening passed a young
woman dressed in what appeared to be the carefully hus-
banded attire of by-gone better days. A costume of black
silk and velvet, frayed and worn, but well brushed and neatly
fitting, was in some degree painfully like the accompanying
face with its weary, faded look, and its discontented expres-
sion. She looked strangely out of place among the rough
creatures loafing about the post-office, whither she walked
daily for her newspapers—her only solace. She was the
daughter of Tom Hay, a gambler of fallen estate, who had
come West to make a fortune at his trade and found so many
superiors that he was constantly kept poor. At one time in
the smile of fortune, he had been enabled to keep this only
child at a good boarding- school for some years, beir g obliged
to take her out at last because of returning poverty. At
this school her training had been good and she had learned
in addition to considerable book lore a thorough contempt
for her father’s profession and friends.
“The father being thoroughly ‘down in his luck’ was now
warmly encouraging the attentions of Bug Johnson, a gen-
tleman who immensely enjoyed the felicitous title of ‘The
Terror of Tamarack.’ Johnson was wealthy, influential
and thoroughly coarse; no less desirable suitor could have
presented himself to Louise Hay. The girl knew her
father’s intentions, and, like the doomed criminal, sought
delay in every way possible. She willingly kept house for
her father and quietly and patiently sat alone listening to
the dreary howl of the coyotes through the long hours of the
night until his return from the saloons. The vigils were
weary, but she had no wish to break their tedium by becom-
ing housekeeper for Bug Johnson. However, she saw but
poor prospect of escaping; her father was determined and
she knew of no better prospect than his choice.
“When she arrived at her own door she was surprised to
meet her father. He had a young man with him whom he
bluntly presented to her as anew hand. He had bought
some cattle of Johnson on time some two weeks before, and
this person was to look after them.

