278 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“Of course you may stay. But did Mr. Steene tell any of
our folks?”
“He told Mr. Jennings, Saturday night.”
“Where did he see Jennings ?” .
“At the dance-house. He told me so yesterday. Mr.
Gregg sent Steene down there to try to sell some hay.”
Jennings was at that moment unloading his hay-rack upon
a long rick near the house-yard. Mary bade Bella hunt
Iola; then she ran into the yard. All the men were work-
ing at the hay, save Hen, who was on the range.
“Mr. Jennings, why didn’t you tell me that Bella Martin
was coming over to-day ?” demanded the investigator.
“T didn’t know it.”
“Yes you did. Henry Steene told you Saturday night.
“T didn’t see Henry Steene Saturday night.”
“Yes you did; don’t you remember? You saw him down
at the dance-house; he told Bella so; and said he told you
to tell me she was coming.”
“Well, do you believe that ?” wildly exclaimed the des-
perate and goaded Jennings, as he tossed his arms.
“It’s what he said,” said Mary.
“Well, it’s a lie. I tell you again I wasn’t there. Ican
prove it, if you'll only wait till I ean bring my men round.
Tt’s jest a job they’ve all set up. I don’t see why it is that
everybody goes agin me. It’s jest what a feller gits for
tryin’ to be decent.” And Mr. Jennings showed such signs
of weakening under his afflictions that Mary and Kid ex-
changed a heartless smile, and the former went into the house.
As soon as the load was pitched off, Jennings went to Jim
and petitioned him to have the persecution stopped. He was
a strangely abused, conspired-against, slandered man. So
Jim, thongh thoroughly satisfied in his own mind, resolved
again to give the benefit of the doubt until he himself could
see Steene, who he knew would tell him the truth. But at
table poor Lat was to be pitied. Nothing was openly said,
but the angry and sarcastic Mary, the defiant Iola, the witty
Bella and the merciless Kid saw that the sand-blast was well
turned on. No caustic hint, or telling innuendo, no well-
concealed witty slur or compliment-disguised stab that the
ready four could invent, was left in the background. There
was not so much as the suggestion of uncleanliness in any
of these. They referred to the entertaining of angels un-
awares, to the lofty tone of certain members of the Brow-
beater party, to the distinguished honor Mr. Wolseley would
