164 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
next time. His eyes darkened, his upper lip shortened, and
with his black hair, his dark blue shirt and overalls, and
finger nails in deep mourning, he looked the impersonation
of dark and splendid remorse, and sadly misunderstood
amiability.
“You don’t quite understand, Mrs. Madnau,” he said.
“Her looks were all that attracted me in the start. If her
other qualities had equalled her beauty, I’d a sure married
her. But when I found she wasn’t what her looks indicated,
T quit her and hunted me a new girl.”
“Appearance always indicates character,” said Mary,
firmly.
“ Now I can’t quite agree with you, Mrs. Madnau. Now
L used to know a girl that looked as innocent as an angel.
But she told a lie to one o’ my best friends and went square
back on him, after she’d promised to marry him, and hurt
his feelin’s like everything. But I tell you I got even with
her, though. I kept company with her about three months
and then L quit her, and I broke her heart.”
“That was mean of you, Sammie,” said Kid. “You
ought to have given the girl some tulip salve to mend that
heart.”
“We women are very unfortunate creatures,” said Iola
“J don’t think so,” said Lat. “Now when I was round
takin’ up my ranches and campin’ out on’em, exposed to
all kinds 0’ weather and hardships, I used to think how
nice it would be to be a woman.”
“So you've got land then?” asked Jim.
“T’ve got four ranches, I’ve got forty acres right at the
edge of Quinine Center, that’s worth about four hundred
doliars an acre now. Then D’ve got two stock ranches in
western Kansas and a tree claim in the southern part of
this state. I’ve been tryin’ to save up a little as I went
along, so I could keep a wife right when I git ready to marry
and settle down,” ‘and he looked volumes at Iola.
Mary took a piece of bread crust, dropped her fork as an
excuse to stoop down, and aimed the bread crust at her
sister’s toe with such precision that it took effect, causing
Tola to laugh at a very solemn remark made by Hen Hall.
Lat seeing the floor unoccupied, went on :
“ Now if I had to keep and treat a wife the way some men
do, I never would marry.”
“But you don’t seem to be in any hurry about marriage,”
said Mary. “You seem to prefer engaging yourself and
