200 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
“I went forward and examined the curiosity. As I
stooped over it in idle curiosity, trying to count the prints
of the kicks it had received, I was pushed aside by a resolute
looking individual who quietly but firmly raised the wonder
upon his back. The crowd shouted in derision as the res-
olute looking individual moved off. As he lifted his burden
a little higher, showing to all eyes good points they had not
previously admitted the existence of, I saw what the strange
thing was. It was a new idea.”
Mary, sitting next, began:
“MY AUNT ELLEN.”
“My reputation as a child was bad ; I do not believe that I
would be guilty of any exaggeration were I to say ‘very bad,’
and looking back now with the sober weight of twenty-two
years upon me, I can readily see what a trial I was to my
relatives.
“Iwas left anorphan at babyhood, and have no recollection
of any parents save my Uncle Jake and my Aunt Sallie.
These two excellent people had undertaken my bringing uy
and so good, kind and faithful were they, that so long as
remained with them I never felt the loss of the father and
mother of whom death had robbed me; and I still believe
that if my other relatives had left me alone with them that
my childhood might have been happier and my reputation
need not have suffered as it did. But as the motherless chick
is scolded and pecked at by every hen in the barn lot, so also
is the orphan child pursued and harried by almost every
member of the family. My case was no exception; it was
not that my relatives wished me any harm—Oh, no; it was
an intense desire for my reform and salvation which actuated
them all. They believed that only the most earnest methods
would rescue me from both spiritual and temporal ruin; and
judging from subsequent developments, I fear that some of
them even neglected their own children on my account. Of
all the toilers in my behalf, Aunt Ellen and grandma were
the most tireless and faithful. In addition to large and well
assorted bundles of good advice bestowed upon every possible
occasion, each one insisted upon taking me into her home for
a few weeks, every now and then, to see what she could do
towards holding me back from the destruction which was
imminent.
