310 THE ADMINISTRATRIZ.


only because idle sounds are hurled
principal and the echo improves. Bill had always been un-
fortunate in his selection of principals. Now when Mary
took him in hand, he showed signs of improvement. Seeing
that he would always remain an echo, she set about selecting
for him a‘principal suited to his peculiar temperament.
There lived on Aspen Creek a young lady named Maggie
Henderson. Maggie’s reputation had suffered somewhat,
but she was nevertheless the possessor of many sterling
virtues, She was of strong will power, was buxom and
comely, economical, tidy and industrious. Bill had often
paid her attentions, and now Mary suggested, that he go at
once and propose marriage to her, | Bill smiled at the thought,
bot aaid he did not like to marry a woman who had been
talked about. Mary assured him that if he himself was spot-
less she had nothing more to say in favor of the match. Bill
went away smiling. .
What then was Mary’s astonishment when two days after
Bill came in with Maggie, introduced her as Mrs. Hammin,
and spread out a marriage certificate all duly witnessed and
signed ?
Sind the bride worked wonders. Her first important move
was to induce her husband to wash his fect, air his boots,
and put on a clean pair of socks. She made a rule that he
should take a bath every two weeks at the farthest, and
should change his socks and shirt at least every seven days,
She took a fine-tooth gomb and raked the dandruff out of his
dust-colored curls. en she threw her muscular arms
round his neck, gave him a ringing smack on the cheek, and
told him that she would be the best of wives as long as
was a good husband; but that when he went down to
Mittoy and got drunk, she would go down to Milroy and
et drunk, also. Bill now became the echo of his wife.
fie attended strictly to business, kept clean, chewed less
tobacco than formerly, drank no whiskey, and became so ex-
emplary 38 to shed much credit on the Bar Eleven Cattle
Company: And Maggie rolled up her sleeves and scrubbed
the house from ceiling to floor, baked wonderful pies, refused
to let Mary do a particle of work, petted and soothed her
d tried to lighten her gloom. She took upon herself the
ane jest part of the house-work, assigning the lighter duties
heaviow’dng the dishwashing, of course—to Iola, “Bill bought
incl oie derful black silk dress adorned with jet trimmings 5
her tia che accompanied ber neatly dressed husband to
ist it. Tmprove the

it
