VARIOUS OCCURENCES. 169
Jim Madnau, Mary and Iola. Mr. Jennings had not then
met the Chase girls and Mr. Lancaster had not met Iola, but
they each recited, with the greatest minuteness, what partic-
ulars were in their possession. Their opinions of Jim tallied
wonderfully. Jim was slow and would readily submit to
have the wool pulled over his eyes; then be wasn’t overly
agreeable and was as full of fool notions about men and their
duty, as a sheep’s wool is full of cockle burs. Then the two
gentlemen agreed that although he made so free with the
boys, that he secretly thought himself superior to most of
them. Mary, now, was too good for him in some ways; Jim
was able to take care of her in case she became a downright
invalid and that was well enough. Mr. Lancaster would
have married her himself had it not been for certain reasons;
he concluded, after thinking the matter over, that he’d let
Jim take her and he’d try to do better. She had been rather
hanging after him, and after he had made up his mind he
didn’t want her he had told Jim he intended to marry her
just to hurry Jim up. Mr. Lancaster wanted to get the girl
off his ha..ds and he knew that Jim was so furiously obstinate
that when he told him that, he’d marry the girl post haste,
whether he wanted her or not. And the scheme fed worked
to perfection. Why didn’t he ever visit the Madnaus?
Well, he and Jim had had a few words about the ditch, last
fall, and Jim harbored spite. Jim was a great fellow to
harbor spite anyhow. But he did intend to come over and
see Miss Iola. If she suited him well enough, he didn’t say
but what he might possibly marry her when he got ready to
settle down. Then Mr. Jennings told how he believed—he
wouldn’t have Mr. Lancaster mention it for the world—but
he believed he could get Mrs. Madnau yet. She pretended
to get mad once in a while, but he could get her in a good
humor in no time. He’d let Mr. Lancaster know if she
came right out and declared her love, Then they discussed
Mr. Lancaster’s horse and Mr. Jennings’s grubbing hoe; then
seeing that Mr. Lancaster was still loth to depart, Mr.
Jeunings related the story of the Indians and the buffalo
wallow, only this time there were sixteen Indians, and the
weapon of defense which saved the hero’s life was an old
needle gun, and the lunch was a pair of ham sandwiches.
The story of the bank robbers and the taking of Boniveld
followed, only this time Mr. Jennings was the sheriff who
arrested the bank robbers, and in addition to the load of fine
bird shot received in his shoulder at Boniveld, a girl had
