THE WATER QUESTION. 87
n and Madnau should divide their supply; the two in-
ividuals referred to believed that they ought to be as gener-
ous as possible. They were generously inclined and were
willing to allow their fields to be injured to some extent in
order that the fields of their neighbors might be benefited to
some extent. But all who give have materially the same
experience. They learn that no matter how much is given,
the receiver feels that the quantity is a beggarly one and
that the giver ought to keep up the donations indefinitely.
They also learn that the receiver believes that some one else
has been favored beyond himself, and that the said receiver
retains the larger portion of his gratitude to be showered
upon the giver for some future favor. It was so with Messrs,
logan and Madnau. They worried along all summer with
less than half the water that rightfully should flow in their
ditches, They let Bill Coffroth have the whole supply for a
week when their alfalfa was suffering, they allowed Jere
Herron to water his cabbage at the expense of their fruit
trees, and gave Stanley Lancaster the supply that should
have “filled out” their corn. Jim and Mr. Hogan were in
thorough sympathy with each other and often did things in
concert. But their acts of self-denial did not give satisfac-
tion; Bill Coffroth swore that Hogan and Madnau were
getting rich at his expense, notwithstanding his ability to
buy both of them out at the shortest notice. The entire
three-mile strip rumbled and groaned and grumbled. Though
not a man’s crop was an entire failure, Mr. Hogan and
Jim Madnau were as severely berated as if famine had de-
vastated the land. Stanley held long consultations with
Bill Coffroth, and Bill Coffroth held long consultations with
Jere Herron, and all three went over to see Pete Gregg, and
Pete Gregg sent for Abner Jones so that the matter might
be discussed. They talked some of going below the Riso
and laying the matter before Col. Chellis to get his valuable
opinion, but they finally decided that this would be bring-
ing Messrs. Madnau and Hogan into too great publicity and
making them feel their position tookeenly. The party then
separated, and on the road home Stanley and Bill decided be-
tween themselves that the most effective means would be to
tear out the dams that drove the water into the two envied
ditches and thus let a head of water reach their fields; the
work might be done at night and the alfalfa fields could be
much benefited before the mischief was discovered. The
round-up was completed sooner than the cattle men expected,
