THE MYSTERIES OF COWBOYISM. 387
think about men and marriage all the time, either. I think
about mental improvement and national improvement; and
above all I think about my school work. I’m interested
in that more than in anything else upon earth.”
The old man drew in his cheeks aud sucked his teeth in a
way that was exasperating in the extreme, but he said noth-
ing. The wagon now took out over the flat and the drive
became rough, though because of-the elevation of the park
the view was so good as to compensate for the unsteady
vehicle. Mary began to talk with the old lady concerning
the high points in view on the northern boundary of the
park ; she found most of these to possess no name save a
Jocal one, so she named them to suit her own fancy. One
was the Buffalo; another covered with blackened tree trunks
was the Burnt King; another, graceful and ethereal, was the
Fairy ; and still another that had an overhanging brow whose
angle remind her of the bend in the saddle of the stern-eyed
rider who had awed her into wondering interest at her school-
room door, she named the Vaquero. She would never tell
the last name however ; she half hated herself for giving it.
The hills showed her their outcropping ledges of limestone,
sandstone and granite, and even at the distance of perhaps a
mile she fell to studying their formation.
The wagon made a short, rapid progress down a steep
grade and then abruptly stopped. Mary drew her eyes away
from the hills and as she saw the unmistakable evidences of
a camp, gasped out:
“Why, I did not think we were here, yet.”
“ But we are, though,” said the old man, almost snappishly.
“Now you and Harriet jest stay in the wagon till I go over
and kind o’ prepare ’em for this unexpected happiness. I
see they’re jest gettin’ ready to eat. Don’t see Jim: I
reckon he’s helpin’ hold the herd; no, there he is along with
Stan Lancaster. They’re all lookin’ at you, gal; don’t
blush. Well, I'll be back in a minute.” And the old man
hurried toward the mess.
Then it was that Mary noted the glances that were stolen
at her and saw the whispered consultations and the three or
four smiles, and devoutly wished she had not come. But it
was too late. The cowboy camp was before her and her
presence there was in answer to her own ardent wish. If there
were only some other girls there she would not care. Well,
there was nothing now but to make the best of it: so with
quickened pulse, dilated eye, scarlet cheek, and embarrassed
