vis THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“ Yes, when the Kid ain’t out on the range, and Bill ain’t
down to Milroy drunk.”
“ Why, does he drink ?”
“Well, when he goes down to Milroy, and that ain’t
often, for Jim tries to keep him away, he gen’ly gets hold of
somethin’ that settles in his feet: I won’t say what it is.”
“T thought Mr. Hall worked for Mr. Madnau.”
“He does. But he don’t call him Mr. Madnau, though ;
neither does any of the rest of the boys; they jest say Jim,
and it wouldn’t surprise me if Jim would discharge ’em if
they went to misterin’ him. Jim’s a risin’ young man, but
he’s jest one of the boys, out and out.”
« And Broncho Charlie ?”
“Name’s Charlie Ford. Works for Stan Lancaster and
Bill Coffroth by turns. Stan keeps him till they fall out,
and then Bill keeps him till they have a flare-up. By that
time he’s made up with Stan and goes back.”
“ And that young fellow—Gus Waite, I believe they call
him.”
“He’s workin’ for Jere Herron now; boy, too. I
think I’ll try to get him in the spring. I’ve got to have a
man before corn plantin’ time. Jere’s brother is comin’ out
from the States in the spring, so I think I’ll try to get Gus.
If he comes he’ll help me in the spring round-up, as well as
with the corn.”
“But why does Jim Madnau have so many men?”
“Well, he’s got lots of cattle, and then he does lots of
ranche work ; raises lots of hay to feed his poor cattle durin’
the winter. Then he’s clearin’ up some new ground now.
He’s got Kid Wentworth and Bill Hammin grubbin’ greaso-
brush on the side hill, as he calls the little raised plot in
his pasture. He's goin’ to put that in alfalfa. Then Hen
Hall’s ridin’ for him most of the time. They all ride a good
deal—expect to do their ranche work at odd times. Some
cow-punchers kick at ranghe work, but when Jim or me
either hire men we let ’em know they’re to do whatever
they’re set at. Jim ain't too good to roll up his pants and
wade mud, and he don’t expect his men to be. Well, here
I go, talk, talk, talk; Harriet tells me I'll talk myself into
my grave, and then talk the lid off my coffin, and maybe she’
right. It’s after ten o'clock, and I guess we’d better all
hunt our corrals for the night.”
‘There is not much to relate concerning the party at Mr.
Branch’s. The drive was very pleasant and the dancing

