STILL STRANGER EVENTS. 97
their innocence or shut up. All the time that dance-house
was in Milroy, Jim never went near it. But lots of the
other young men on the crick was there at some time or
other. Some of ’em went to look on and sve the others dance,
and some went to hunt for some other feller; they all had an
excuse, and they all got the name of runnin’ to the dance-
house. But Jim was never seen there. You see men are so
fond of tellin’ on each other for bein’ at such Places that if
Jim had ever been there, it would a come out.’
“But might not a good man go to such a place to try to
save the inmates, Mr. Hogan ?”
“Yes, I think he might. But if he didn’t want his repu-
tation injured, he ought to bea married man, and take his
wife along, and select his time nicely, and then he ought to
be an evangelist. Jim ain’t a married man, and I never had
him pointed out to me for an evangelist. I think Jim has
jest about the right proportion of flesh and blood to know
that he’s safer away from sech places, It’s all right enough
for a good man to go to sech a place for purposes of salva-
tion—there’s room for lots more of ’em to go than do—but
then, gal, if no men ever went there, there’d be no sech
dens, and no need for salvation fer their inmates.”
“ And does Jim ever drink?”
“No, he don’t. He’s got too durned much sense to work
like a slave, and then go and give his money to a s’loon
keeper, that’s too lazy to work, and too cowardly to steal,
and too big feelin’ to beg. If he was a drinkin’ man, some
s’loon keeper would a had all that property, and Jim would
a had snakes in his boots, pervided he’d been lucky enough
to have any boots at all.”
“ And so you seem to think Jim almost perfection ?” she
asked, with a laugh.
“0, he ain’t perfect. He gets mad sometimes, and when
he does, he cusses. I’ve tried to reason Jim out of cussin’,
but he always says that I cuss a little too; but then that’s
only when I ain’t watchin’. Then he declares he’s got a
natural passion for bettin’ on horse-races, if he’d only let it
loose. But he don’t drink, nor smoke, nor chaw, nor run
with bad women ; so I think, gal, you’d better kinder look
over the cussin’, as long as he don’t overdo things—Jim don’t
cuss as bad as some, though I have heard him do up a pretty
good job once or twice—and kinder try and kiss the bettin’
fever out of him.”
“Mr. Hogan!” exclaimed Mary.
