THE HEART HISTORY OF HEN HALL. 295
Hen opened his eyes and spoke softly to Jim, bidding him
to take care of Princess.
“Why, Hen,” said Jim, as his face began to quiver, “ you
mustn’t be talking like this—don’t see how the ranche is
going to get along without you. You are our right hand,
fen.
“It’s mighty kind of you to say so, Jim, but you'll have
to git another cowman. I’m goin’ to hunt a new range.
Your wife thinks maybe the Lord’ll give me a job ridin’ for
him ; and if he does, I'll stay right on his range and stick
to his herd, though I know I ain’t very fit to.”
Just then Penobscot Bill rushed wildly into the room.
“What's the matter?” he loudly exclaimed as he shut the
door with a heavy slam. It might as well be remarked right
here that this was the only time in Bill’s history that he was
known to shut a door. Then again he exclaimed vigorously :
“Ts Hen dyin’ ?”
“0, Mr. Hammin, do please be quiet. And do please open
the door. See how Mr. Hall is gasping for breath,” gently
leaded Mary. And then Bill opened the door as wide as
bis own distended mouth—figuratively speaking—and kicked
a chair against it, as he hurried round to get a better view
of the bedside scene.
« You’ve come jest in time, Bill,” said Hen, “ to see me ’fore
T git mounted and ready to start. It’s the white hoss that’s
come for me this time, boys; and I’ll soon be on his back aud
headed for over the range. And when he comes for you,
boys, don’t you be afraid to mount him; for I b’lieve he'll
carry you all to a better range and not buck none of you off.
‘And tell Lat Jennings when you see him—that I ain’t forgot
tellin’ him once when I was mad that I thought he was the
sneakin’est coyote—that ever cheated a steel trap or went
unpoisoned ;—tell him I was mad when I said it—but I’ve
considered the matter over—like a dyin’ man should—and
I ain’t changed my mind. And now I’m about ready to
start—the saddle’s all clinched—the latigo straps is buckled
nd the tie strings is all a flyin’ ;—give me your hand,
Jim—it'll kinder encourage me to know you're steadyin’ me
while I’m gittin’ my foot in the stirrup and my hand on the
reins ;—don’t be cryin’ them tears, Missus ;—it's gittin’ dark
like, and I must git off ’fore the shadows git too heavy in
the hills ;—put the riata—through the hondo, Jim—and sling
it over the horn o’ the saddle—And now good-bye, boys,
and Missus, and Miss ;—I’m—off—for—over—the—range.”
