150 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
Mary took the old clasped Bible and began to turn through
it, barely repressing a smile.
“That book was loved by one as was dear to me,” he went
on. “They’s things in there that I like to study over The
first verse of the nineteenth chapter of Proverbs—you’'ll find
the place marked with a queen of diamonds—has given me a
sight 0’ comfort. I’m poor, but I try to walk in integrity.
‘Then the fourth verse of the sixth chapter of St. Mark—it’s
marked with the nine of spades, if I don’t forgit—about how
a prophet isn’t likely to be popular among his own folks;
they’s a sight o’ truth in that. Jest open the book and turn
through till you come to the king of hearts—you'll find a text
right at the beginning of the twentieth chapter o’ Proverbs
that tells purty straight what liquor is. Then the twenty-
first verse of the sixth chapter of St. Matthew, where they’s
an ace of clubs, is worth rememberin’.”
“The Bible, I suppose, is your favorite book ?”
“The Bible to me,” he said, “is jest like a bunch o’ cattle.
They’s lots o’ good books and they’s lots 0’ good bunches 0’
cattle. But I rate the Bible high, missus, fer it’s done me
good. I take its passages jest like I take cow brutes, re-
memberin’ that they’s good and bad in allherds. If ’m
goin’ to buy a bunch o’ a hundred head out 0’ a herd 0’ two
thousand, I pick out the best I can find. I keep shy o? old
fightin’ steers that’s outlived their time and is too mean to
get fat. They’d jest disgrace my good ones if I put’em
along with ’em. When I’m huntin’ Scripture passages, I
hunt ’em the same way. I hunt out the good ones, and keep
clear of such as is all horns.”
“You believe that religion does good, then, Mr. Hall?
Some people seem to doubt it.”
“Well, I’m afraid this loud prayin’, shoutin’, noisy relig-
ion ain’t allers best, though it’s maybe done good in its time,
and of course it’s some better nor stagnation. But gen’ly what
tends to perdoose over-excitement, tends to check reason.
Then this high excitement has got to react, and it’s mighty
apt to leave nervousness that’ll find what it considers a cure
in some kind of excitin’ sin. A cool, reasonin’ religion,
without any boundaries to keep our thoughts from strayin’ off
after the unfortnit critters that’s lost in the hills of sin, is
est.
“Your ideas are good. But do you not believe that
brotherly love and religion are both broadening ?”
“Well, they may be, missus. But great and smart people
