64 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
the evening—perhaps—awful thought—if Miss Chellis did
come, she would try to attract the dashing Stanley! So Mary
bowed up the illusion at her throat and arranged her frizzes
with great satisfaction. The Herrons were soon in waiting,
and after a somewhat rough ride in the farm wagon the party
arrived at the roomy residence of the Chases. The ladies
were sent upstairs to lay off their wraps. They found them-
selves in a room full of pretty girls, laughing and chatting
and arranging costumes. The three pretty Chase girls,
hostesses, were everywhere, welcoming and entertaining.
They were blooming, lovely girls. Rose, Lily and Violet,
Mary called them, but they bore the less poetic names of
Lucy, Emma and Sarah. Lucy, the Rose, was of blooming
complexion with wavy auburn hair; her form was voluptuous,
and her eyes blue and frank; she wore a white muslin dresa
and blue satin ribbons. Emma, the Lily, was large and
tall like her sister; she wasa blonde of the noblest type ; her
ellow hair was curled across her forehead and drawn in heavy
braids behind; she also wore white and blue. Sarah, the
Violet, was smaller than her sisters, with dust colored haix
and violet eyes that flashed in glorious contrast to her neat
dress of pink organdie. But alas! all three of these pretty
girls had obscured with white powder all the rich, warm,
beautiful color in their faces.
There was a deal of scraping and tuning going on below,
and one by one the gentlemen began to file up to the door ta
escort their partners downstairs. Mary had become sepa-
rated from Mrs. Herron and her enterprising and interesting
four-year-old son, Bertie, and she had no partner; she pres-
ently awoke to the fact'that all the ladies had gone down.
stairs and that she was alone. She was annoyed at this,
She had but few acquaintances among the young people yet;
she could not reasonably expect that any one would search
for her. She thought she had better go down alone; she
went to the head of the stairway and looked down; the hall-
way was crowded with men grouped about the musicians;
she went back into the room, drew a chair to the stove and
sat down.
Soon she heard a light step and a gay voice on the stairs;
there was also a heavy tread. Ah, she was not forgotten.
Some one was coming for her. “You wait here a minute
and then come to the door, please,” said the gay voice. Then
in at the open door swept a vision of loveliness. Amy Chel-
lis! Yes, it was the same girl whom Mary had seen out
