268 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
asking no guide save the North Star toward which she ran,
crushing twigs under her feet and trying to evade the little
swampy pools, starting in dizzy fright at every forest sound,
white and chill and wild, with gleaming eyes that ever and anon
looked back to see how fast was receding the light in the
noisy dance-house behind, until far out of its vicinity she
sank down exhausted and half dying, just as the light of
morning begau to break. She dragged’ herself in between
two huge piles of cut logs, and drew her damp skirts well
down over her weary, bleeding feet ; for the stout twigs, and
rough, thick-strewn limbs, had well nigh cut both shoes and
hose to rags. And as blessed nature was invoking sleep she
opened her dry lips, and from her parched and burning throat
sent forth a prayer to that dear Jesus who has said that he
will succor Nis believers, And Pierre would come to her
rescue ; she would lay her head—her tired, aching head—upon
his breast ; he would caress her head with his strong, noble
hand, and kiss her sweat-damp hair, and call her his
heroine, and praise her determined virtue. And she would
feel his lover kiss, and thrill with ecstasy as he pressed her
lips again and again. And then would come the wedding
preparations—but her weary eyelids closed and her lover
came in dream rescue and bore her little form out through
the tall trees and back to his mother’s door, where the apple
trees threw showers of bloom upon them as they passed.
And the good old mother kissed her and thanked God; and
set out white bread and butter and cheese and mugs of milk.
And she raised a mug to her dry lips to cool with its contents
her parched tongue and burning throat, her eyes beaming
the while on handsome and stately Pierre. But what was that
deep, hoarse sound that drove back the scattered fragments
of that dream into wild and awful chaos ? And what those
hungry eyes that looked into her own, those foam-dripping
jaws, and those dazzling fangs fastened in her dress? And
that was not Pierre yonder dressed in a short brown coat
and grinning like a hell-fiend through the- bushy beard upon
his face. O, was Pierre never to come, and had the dear
Jesus forgotten ? She struck at the bloodhound nearest to
her, wildly bidding him begone. He caught her hand in
his teeth. They slipped on the skin, leaving a blue mark,
then closed, lacerating the flesh and causing the red blood to
spurt forth; then as she felt the crunching of a bone, the
dull, faint sickness that precedes unconsciousness came over
her. With a wild shriek to the dear Jesus, that died away in
