THE MYSTERIES OF COWBOYISM. 47
“To catch cattle with; we have to catch the calves to
brand ’em.”
They had now reached the herd. Mary sighed profoundly
as Kate paused.
“ Are you tired ?” asked Jim.
“No, no; but I was thinking. There are so many things
I don’t know, and what’s more, I’m afraid I never will learn
them. Why, I thought I was pretty well educated, but out
here when I talk to people, I can’t understand many of the
common words they use. I can’t even manage this horse
right.
“0,” said Jim, “it’s not knowin’ anything just to know
the cow business. There isn’t anything to it. It don’t take
Knowledge like school-teachin’ does.” And he looked at the
teacher as if he could not understand why her spirit had
fallen so low. The fact was, Mary disliked to be sur-
passed at anything. The things wherein she surpassed Jim
Madnau did not possess the least present interest for her.
She wanted to possess more frontier knowledge than he
did, and because she perceived his superiority in that direc-
tion her self-esteem suffered. She however found him to be
more interesting with his knowledge than he would have
been without it. She slackened her rein and let Kate eat
grass while her eyes wandered away to the hills. Then she
turned and looked at her companion; he had moved some
twenty paces away to steady the herd in the absence of an-
other cowboy, and he was not looking at her; he seemed to be
ina reverie. In fact she had not been annoyed by his search-
ing glance since she had been alone with him ; he had seldom
sought her eyes and from this she concluded that he only
watched her because he did not want Lancaster to surpass
him in the matter of conquests—he was jealous of Lancaster
and not in the least fond of her, so her anger rankled, but
she would make use of him; she would learn so much about
Colorado institutions that when she returned East she would
astonish people with her knowledge, But she must wait; he
had galloped around to the other side of the herd where two
men about two hundred yards apart were stationed as guards.
He had soon delivered his message to them and was again
at her side the herd. She approached and asked quietly :
“What is the object of bringing the cattle all up ina
bunch this way ? ”
“ Why, the owners want to know the condition of the
stock; they drive all that are fat enough to some shipping
