THE CROOKEDNESS OF FATE. 167
“0, if I thought he did it a purpose, I’d go right out now
and boot him clear off the ranche. But it ain’t best to make a
fuss about every little thing. Go slow and be sure, and give
him just as little chance to be impudent as youcan. I don’t
doubt he’s a rake, but when a man’s got to have as much hel
asI have, he can’t always look too close. Of course if I’d fin
out for certain he was a rake I’d fire him no matter how bad
I needed him. He’s an awful good hand—just a number
one hand in fact—and I’d like for you to get along with him
the best you can.”
“ And then he’s so rich,” Mary went on, “owns so much
land—and I very much fear it’s all located under his finger
nails.”
“But Mary, a ranche hand can’t always have his nails
clean.”
“He might find time to dig them out on Sunday morn-
ing.”
% But you admitted the other day, Mary, that he was good
about bringing in water and wood.”
“Yes, but he comes round the kitchen to see what his
chances are for kissing Iola with that upper lip that he’s
already worn short kissing the girls. And then he’sso brave,
too. He’s been the terror of many a southern Kansas town,
and a mighty punisher of his enemies.”
“0, there’s once in a while a barking dog that’ll bite.”
“ And then he’s been such a mighty editor.”
“Well, Mary, you don’t know. He may have been in a
printing office.”
“Yes, he may have been walking along in front of one tell-
ing his big yarns, and some fellow may have come up and
kicked him clear through the building.”
It will be seen that Mary’s association with the cowboys
was having some effect upon her language.
Jim patted her head, then lifted her up and placed her on
her feet.
“Come on, now,” he said. “Treat him civilly or else let
him alone.”
“But I can’t let him alone. He will talk to me.”
«Well, do the best you can. I need help and he’s a good
hand.”
They found the sitting-room deserted. Iola was in the
kitchen struggling with the dishes. The men soon filed
downstairs, and as the stair door opened into the sitting-room
Mary must meet them. Lat and Penobscot Bill were gor-
