96 THE ADMINISTRATBLX.
Mary changed the subject, but she felts little harsh all
evening toward Mr. Hogan for hinting that Amy might bear
watching.
“After the supper dishes were washed, she asked Mr. Hogan
as they all sat in the sitting-room:
“Mr. Hogan, do you consider a bad temper a very bad in-
dication in a man? ”
“That all depends, gal,” answered the old man. “ When
I see a child exhibiting bad temper, I say to myself that that
child needs training. It’s likely to git to be a great and
good person that'll do lots for humanity if it’s trained right.
Bad temper gen’ly shows itself in anger at what we consider
the trampin’ of somebody on our rights; you can’t well git
the temper out of a child, so the best way is to train and di-
rect it. If a child is taught to git jest as mad at an injury
to another person as he would if the injury was done to him-
self, why, the more temper he has the better. He’ll raise a
racket then, and like as not, start a reform. In my experi-
ence I’ve found that the best and the worst people was both
well supplied with temper; but that the best ones got mad-
dest at other folks’ wrongs, while the worst raised thunder
about some little injury to theirselves that was mighty
often too small to be seen by the naked eye.”
“But how is it when a man you think highly of gets
angry—and—shamefully whips his dog—or horse—or some-
thing?”
« Well, any man that’s got temper is apt to let it git the
start of him once in a while. That’s bad. But we ain’t
none of us perfect. Now, there’s Jim. He ain’t a bit quick
to fight on Tis own account, but they’s some things he'll go
off like a self-cockin’ revolver about. I’ve seen Jim git mad
at some feller that was abusin’ some durned critter without
cause, and you'd think a volcano had broke loose somewhere
in the hills. But the maddest I ever saw Jim git was once
when some fellers on the crick got a poor hired gal into
trouble and then went round makin’ fun of her. Jim told
’em he considered the girl worth more to humanity in three
minutes than they was in three centuries, and that raised
trouble. Jim got into three fights over that, and licked his
man every time.”
“And how is Jim—about such women, anyhow?” she
asked, nervously.
“Why, he stays clear away from’em. But if any one goes
to abusin’ ’em in his hearin’, he tells ’em either to prove

