HOW THE CIRCLE BAR KEPT SUNDAY. 325
to the rhythm, literary merit, and air of the song. Then
Mose was invited to give his verdict. Mose declared that
the sentiment had pleased him so well that he had forgotten
to search for literary merit. ‘Then the men again fell to won-
dering what sort of creature this was, who could receive so
bitter a love blow, and yet champion the cause of women.
CHAPTER XLIL
HOW THE CIRCLE BAR KEPT SUNDAY.
Hap not it been for one little incident, the Sabbath day
would doubtless have been more civilly kept by the Circle
Bar men than it had been for many a moon. But that little
incident occurred, and the only good that can be said for
what followed is that it kept the men away from the saloons.
It was a terrible affair, and persons of delicate nerves had
perhaps better omit this chapter. All those who read it
must bear well in mind that the characters were an untamed
collection of bold, bad cowboys. The trouble was flung
into the arena with the very best of intentions, too. The
men, while eating their breakfast of bread, boiled beef, beans
and coffee, got into a heated religious discussion. Mose
Jones and Lat Jennings had become so much in earnest as to
be a little personal in their remarks. Lat was insisting
that he intended eventually to repent and go to heaven, no
matter what became of the different ladies he confessed to
having started in the opposite direction. Mose insisted that
if Lat succeeded in effecting an entrance, he himself would
cut the fences of the rival inclosure and bring the inmates
over, so that Mr. Jennings could have plenty of congenial
society. Things looked dangerous, so Mr. Everet told astory
to divert the general mind. He told how he used to make
pancakes, bake the underside well done, then shake the griddle
until the cake was loosened, then give the griddle atwirland
a twist, throwing the cake up, and after it had turned in air,
catching it as it came down. He asserted that ouce while
living in a cabin with a wide low chimney, he had occasionally
thrown the cakes up through the chimney, and then rushing
out of the house, caught them as they descended batter side
down. This story was told not so much for the sake of truth,
as fora diversion. It succeeded. The religious war came
