244 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
bowlders into the dark and bubbling current ; for the snows
on Bernalillo were melting and the Gaston was at its high-
est. It was a balmy July Sunday, and the cowboys and
ranche hands of Frelawna were at liberty. The Bar Eleven
men had “trailed up” Gus Waite and Broncho Charlie, and
gone down to the river for a bath. Just what was to be
gained in the way of cleauliness by a plunge in the muddy
fluid is not known—but whatever is'to be said of cleanliness
there was to be found adventure and sport.
‘The men had dipped. This was evident, for Kid’s light
hair stood stiff and bristly ; Gus Waite’s straight, black locks
were more black and shiny than usual, Lat and Bill carried
beads of moisture on their foreheads and in their mustaches ;
Hen and Charlie were still barefoot.
There lay upon the entire group the delicious languor that
follows the mid-summer bath. There was all desired luxury
in the simple drawing of nature’s honeyed breath. ‘Things
were so harmonious that for a time Kid was bantering no
one, and Hen and Lat were not quarrelling. It is at such
moments that our faith in our environments rises to such
a pitch that whether they be rocks or humanity we uncon-
sciously pour out to them a portion of our inner lives. A
magpie stood beside some tidbit which it had found—it
looked saucily at the group and boastingly chattered. Lat
lazily raised a finger aud pointed to the bird.
“ Hen, do you know who that bird is like ? ” he asked.
“No. Who?”
“It’s like Mrs. Madnau. Look now; see it raise its head
and hold it to one side. See it step off, now, proud as Luci-
fer. See its shoulders play.”
Hen admitted that he saw the bird but not thc resem-
blance. Bill and Charlie immediately acquiesced in the simi-
larity, of course. Gus and Kid did not look up; had the
bird been compared to Iola, or Bella, they would have im-
mediately become all eyes and ears.
“Then,” added Lat, “although that bird seems so very
friendly, if you’d go to walk up to it, it would redouble its
tricks till you got where you thought you had it, and then
all of a sudden it would be gone.”
“Hum. Is that the trick you’ve been trying Sammie?”
asked Kid,
«J don’t say I have tried. If I do try, I don’t say she'll
be gone when I get ready to take possession. The game
sometimes changes its habits accordin’ to the hunter, I
