THE VAQUERO. 11
which depended from his saddle. There was no revolver or
weapon of any sort in sight; a handkerchief, quite as lack-
ing in_good taste and beauty as the one about his neck,
showed a corner of itself out of the pistol pocket. He wore
neither coat, vest nor suspenders; perhaps the way to offera
cowboy the crowning insult would be to present Bim with a
pair of suspenders for everyday wear.
The rider drew rein fora moment. The half dream upon
his face gave place to an intense study which was soon re-
placed by the light which tells of a fresh plan. He turned
his broncho’s head down grade and started at a somewhat
smarter pace toward a small valley, where even at that die-
tance green fields and orchards were discernible in sharp
contrast to the monotonous brown of the surrounding parks.
He crossed a deep gulch where quaking aspen and wild
cherry trees rustled in the wind, to find a smooth footing for
hisfaithfal little mare. He rode for some three miles before
reaching the outskirts of the settlement. A neat adobe
building stood upon the slope just above the orchards and
fields. The school-house must not occupy arable land ;
arable land is scarce and consequently valuable; there is
plenty of space above the level of the irrigating ditches for
the school-bouse. A tall, slender girl, pretty but delicate
looking, with dark hair and the darkest possible shade of
gray eyes, was sweeping a cloud of dust away from the door.
Not perceiving the rider she laid aside her broom and pro-
ceeded to give her skirts a series of smart blows to drive the
dust out of them; then she patted her braided hair for a
similar reason, and drawing a handkerchief out of her pocket
she wiped her flushed face.
“Hello,” said the rider in a half-doubtful tone.
The young woman looked hurriedly up. “Good-evening,”
she said confusedly.
The rider took off his hat, but not as the lady first sup
posed, from courtesy. He suddenly remember that his
face was also probably dusty, and acting upon the thought
he drew the handkerchief from his hip pocket and vigorously
mopped his sunburnt features. He was evidently embar-
rassed.
“ Have you noticed any cattle strayin’ about here, Miss?”
he asked as be nervously pucketed his kerchief.
“Cattle ? why, yes. There are nearly always cattle grazing
about.” She was reassured now, and her silvery tone was
easy and natural.
