THE TENDERFOOT. 21
place was not showy or pretentious, but was neat, attractive,
and home-like.
Mary hurried into the sitting-room. A well-preserved old
man, with half-curly brown hair, just touched with gray, was
filling the long wood-box with pifion. His eyes were keen
and intelligent; his manner brusque but kindly. His per-
son was stout and erect. An old lady, also rather compactly
built, sat knitting asock. Her blond hair was also streaked
with gray, but her still handsome face pictured wondrous
content. Both looked around as the young girl entered.
“O—O—T’ve seen a cowboy—a real genuine cowboy!”
exclaimed the latter, as she set her dinner-pail upon a little
stand near the door. “He did just look too funny; but I
didn’t think he looked very mean, though.”
“ A cowboy?” said the old man, giving a sort of smack
with his lips as he finished. “Why, they’re no rarity;
they’re as thick as coyotes.”
«But this is the first one Zever saw—I mean the first one I
was ever close to. I saw two in the street at Milroy City;
but this one spoke to me.”
“Did, eh? Well, most of ’em can talk; some of ’em
talks too much. What did he say ?”
“ Why, he asked about a—cow.”
“Did? Didn’t ask you to marry, then?” This was
said with awful coolness, as the old man straightened the
last stick of pifion and closed the lid of the box.
“ Oh, now, Mr. Hogan !” said Mary, pouting.
“ Well, I thought from your excitement it must be that.”
The old lady laughed quietly behind her glasses as her hus-
band made this little comment on youthful enthusiasm.
Mary now put on a serious look. “ He wanted me to ask
about her,” she said. “ She was spotted red and white, and
had some kind of brand on her to tell her by—it was—some
kind of a geometry sign, I elieve,” she mused; “then she had
some kind of cancellation on her shoulder—and a triangle on
the same shoulder, I think.” Here Mr. Hogan laughed
aloud—a proceeding quite unusual with him. “ Why, was
he making fun of me?” odded the girl, quickly, as she
colored a vivid scarlet.
“No, no; but you don’t seem to understand brands.
What else did he say ?” .
“ Well, he said a triangle bar; but I know he was mis-
taken. There ¢s no such thing as a triangle bar.”
“He meant a triangle over a bar; this way,” and the old
