AN UNINTENDED MEETING. 81
left her, and she went busily on with her cleaning, and her
cake munching. The cakes were delicious, and she took an
extra big bite out of the second. Just as she did so she
looked up, because the door had been darkened ; she started
nervously ; two men were entering the room; young men,
too; they raised their hats to her, walked in, threw their
hats under the stand table, and took chairs as if they owned
the premises, Tho younger-looking one colored—his blush
was just perceptible through the tan; Mary looked at him;
he was the cowboy who had paused at her school-room door,
The other one was, oh, s handsome and graceful and stately !
He was not in the least disconcerted at seeing her; he seated
himself with wondrous self-command, and gave her a look of
respectful and interested inquiry. His fair, slightly tannéd
face took on a iook of admiration; it was only when he per-
ceived the girl's rising color that he turned his eyes away.
The annoying scarlet mantled Mary’s face, intensifying
its appealing beauty ; and then, as if satisfied at having shown
her rosy, fled away to let her admirers see whether she was
improved by being blanched marble white, The situation
was a trying one; she had returned their bows, but her
mouth was full of cake, and there before her lay the once
tempting tidbit with a huge half circle missing. The cake
had lost its charms, and the blue shirt upon which her elbow
rested seemed to burn her; it was the mate to the one worn
by tho handsome stranger; there was no denying either
cloth or cut. The red again flew to her face. It is never
so embarrassing to be embarrassed if we can keep the em-
barrassment concealed; but when we cannot do 0 our con-
fusion fairly revels in its triumph over us.
“Good afternoon,” said the tall blonde, with a well-bred
and pleasant smile.
“Good afternoon,” Mary managed to articulate, as she
swallowed her cake. Then she tried for full three minutes
to thread the needle bar. His soft, dreamy eyes of deepest
blue, his splendid nose, the long silky mustache that obscured
his mouth, his neat-fitting and picturesque dress, the broad
tan-colored hat with its band of many colors, appealed tu her
vivid and now excited imagination. But there was naught
even in his beauty and attractiveness that affected her like
the deep, stern, persistent gaze of his companion’s studious
eyes. When in her embarrassment she turned her eyes
from the one to the other, she always started afresh at that
gaze and resqlved tolook that way no more. The men, pez


