82 THE ADMINISTRATLRIX.
ceiving her agitation, withdrew their scrutiny—which had
been the result of surprise and curiosity on their part—and
began a desultory conversation on general topics, Their re-
marks did not “hang together” very well, and it was quite
evident that they were not particularly engrossed upon the
subjects they discussed ; but time was disposed of, and that
is the chief object of many a conversation.
Mary’s self-confidence was in part restored, and she fell to
studying them. The taller one, she was certain, would drive
an artist crazy; and then what an exquisite, soft, musical
little laugh he finished off each one of hie sentences with !
How agreeable and persuasive was his voice! He was Jim
Madnau, of course; and she told herself that Amy Chellis
was not welcome to him after all. But she greatly feared
that other creature was reading her thoughts; she wouldn’t
be a bit surprised; he looked like he could read her soul
history at a glance ; she hated him, with his searching, read-
ing, inquiring eyes. What right had he to look away when
he was talking to Jim Madnau, and steal side glances at
her? He was probably some upstart who worked by the
month or day for her hero’s wage. She was no longer an-
noyed when Jim Madnau looked at her; her heart swelled,
and she wished he would look often ; but whenever he did,
that other annoying creature followed his glance, read all
there was in it, and then proceeded to extend the same com-
liment to her. From the crown of her head to the sole of
er foot, she bowed before her hero; from the crown of her
head to the sole of her foot she feared and dreaded his sub-
altern, She had seen handsome men before, but here was a
new specimen ; this one was the beau ideal of beauty, as
well as the ideal of a type beginning to possess strange in-
terest for her-—the vaquero.
Just as she finished overhauling the machine, Mrs. Hop-
kins entered the room.
“Well! I didn’t expect to see you here,” she said in some
surprise, as she perceived the two men.
“Thad some stock to look after down this way, so I
thought IT’d step in and see if you had my other shirt done,”
said the beauty. .
“Well, it’s gettin’ along that way; I had trouble with the
sewin’ machine there, and couldn’t do no good with it till
this evening when——” then she seemed to remember that
some sort of introduction was necessary. “This is Mr.
Madnau and Mr. Lancaster, Miss—what did you say your
name was?”

