42 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“We do take cold when the weather is very severe;”
said Lancaster, giving a little cough as if the suggestion had
brought it on.
Jim Madnau now broke silence. His voice held just the
faintest measure of contempt—only keen ears would have
known it was there; but Mary perceived it and disliked him
for it—he was trying to make light of Mr. Lancaster.
“Why,” said Jim, “I’ve slept for two weeks at a time—
and slept sound every night, too—when durin’ all the time
there wasn’t a dry thread in my blankets.”
“Why, how did that happen?” asked Mary, turning her
large, surprised eyes upon him. “Why didn’t you spread
your blankets out in the day-time and let them dry?”
“Couldn’t. We were on the trail. On the go all the time
and didn’t stop for anything till night come, unless you’d
count a half hour or an hour at noon a stop.”
“Where were you going?”
“ Drivin’ cattle from Texas up here. It was in August.
The fall rains commenced as soon as we got into Southern
Colorado, and they kept up for two weeks. ‘There’d be a few
hours of hot sun now and then, but we couldn’t stop for such
things as dryin’ blankets. When cattle’s on the march they
don’t stop ’em for anything unless they get footsore.”
“Didn't you take cold—and get sick?”
“ Never was sick since I was a kid.”
“Well!” Then Mary looked fixedly at Madnau’s stal-
wart form and ruddy cheek. Instinctively she laid her hand
upon her own thin, narrow chest; she sighed and envied.
She forgot that she was staring until the young man,
flushed and puzzled, turned his face away from her eager,
longing eyes.
“Take another piece of beef, Mary,” said Mr. Hogan.
“Harriet’s eatin’ the second piece.”
“No—thank you,” she said, dreamily. | “T don’t care for
anything more.” Then she remembered that she had no
right to obtrude her troubles upon acare-free company. “I
do not know when I have eaten so heartily,” she said, asa
smile lighted her face. The cook gave her an answering
smile, and she rose from the saddle which had served her as
achair. She shook the crumbs from her gray cloth dress
and turned smilingly to Lancaster.
“And how have you enjoyed the dinner?” he asked,
bending bis head and laughing softly.
“Hugely. You have a good cook and the men are all
very kind.”
