58 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
and Bill and Stanley, being at home to look after things,
effected the demolishing of the dams on Thursday night.
Their alfalfa yield in October would be much better, even if
the fields of the two upper residents did suffer a little from
drought.
On Friday morning as Mary Fleming emerged from her
bedroom, rosy and well rested after her sound sleep, she was
startled to hear an angry and somewhat high-pitched voice
in conversation with Mr. Hogan in the yard. She looked
out of the kitchen window. There stood Jim Madnau in
buckskin suit and high rubber boots. A shovel was on his
shoulder and wrath was in his eye. He was relating to Mr.
Hogan a narrative concerning ditches and dams, and in his
excitement he threw in a few of the latter articles extra.
Mary listened spellbound; it was just what she expected
of Jim Madnau.
“Yes,” said Jim, as he kicked a fence post to knock the
mud off of his boots, “I had everything in runnin’ order at
sundown last night. I didn’t get home till one o’clock and
then I went right to work at the ditch. I expected that
lower field of mine would be all wet up this morning. I
had everything fixed so the water would go through all
right.”
%O, it’s that Lancaster cuss,” said Mr. Hogan.
“I think it’s Bill Coffroth. But then it’s not past Lan-
caster, either.”
“T wouldn’t be surprised if both of em had a hand in it.”
“Well, like as not they had. I’m goin’ to find out, and
if it was them, I’m goin’ to make trouble. I don’t want to
say anything till I find out. It might be some children’s
done it, and if it was, there’s no use kickin’ up a row with
Lancaster and Coffroth.”
“No, of course not. Well, you find out, Jim; find out if
you can. You say you put my dam back again?”
“Yes, I put both of em back. Put ’em so they'll stay,
too, unless some man tries to take ’em out. If they go out
this time, I’ll know no child tore ’em out. Well, I must be
oin’,”
we Haven’t had your breakfast, have you, Jim? No?
‘Well come right in and set down with us. Harriet ’ll have
things ready in a minute.”
“No, I must be rustlin’ ; Mrs. Hopkins will wait on me if
I don’t come. Good-morning.” And Jim balanced his
shovel upon his shoulder and strode hastily away. Mary
