PECULIARITIES OF THE TENDERFOOT. 67
“Hello! so you’ve found her, Lancaster?” said Jere
Herron.
“Yes; crying like a school-girl for homesickness,” and he
drew his arm closer, so as to press her hand just the least in
the world.
“ And have you been up there all the time, Miss Fleming?”
continued Mr. Herron.
“Yes, sir.”
“ Well now, that’s too bad. When I went up for Hulday,
she said she thought you had gone down with Emma Chase.
We didn’t see anything of you.”
“T had gone back to the stove a minute. When I turned
round I found I was alone.”
“I shouldn’t have found you to-night if Jim Madnau
hadn’t told me he saw you up there alone, and wondered if
you were sick.” (So then that wretch had asked about her
after all.)
The other dancers were now in place. Mary looked round
the room and saw present nearly all the men she had seen at
the round-up camp. Broncho Charlie stood opposite her with
Sarah Chase ; Penobscot Bill was in a corner tete-a-tete with
blonde, bewitching Bella Martin; the Kid seemed trying to
hide himself behind any one who was willing to act as a
screen, while Hen Hall stood quietly looking on. He was
the only man who retained his cowboy suit. Those who
knew Hen were not surprised at this; he generally attended
the parties, where he had a kind word for all, but he never
danced nor paid attention, beyond ordinary civility, to any
lady.- It was the commonly accepted theory that Hen had
been crossed in love.
The music, consisting of two violins and a banjo, was in
the hall, so that both rooms might have tho benefit of it.
Amy Chellis and Mr. Mopely, the school-teacher from Aspen
Creek, stood at the right of Mary and her partner; Jim
Madnau and Louisa Hart were the other couple.
“First couple balance to the couple on the right; join all
hands and balance four,” shouted the caller. It was astonish-
ing to Mary how Amy Chellis could go through the set with-
out seeing any one in it save Jim, Stanley and Mr. Mopely.
The gentlemen, in this ‘figure, deserted their own partners,
took the lady to the right, and advanced with her. This
movement in due time brought Mary round to Jim Madnau.
While they stood together he asked her to dance with him
when his number was called next time. It was number
