70 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
She had made up her mind in regard to one thing: if Jim
Madnau asked for her company to any parties she would ac-
cept. He kept his eyes off of her when he had her at short
range. Bashful’ people are as apt to be gazers as any, but
they do their gazing more at a distance; they don’t hold one
by the arm and look down into her face after the fashion of
Mr. Lancaster. When a creature is held just close enough
to a hotly burning fire so that his flesh is scorched thereby,
it is possible for him to become so frenzied that he will leap
into the glowing flame in order to end the matter. It was
thus that Mary felt concerning Madnau. But if she leapt
into the fire, could she leap out again, or must she be held
there forever ? Would there ever be a possibility of escape ?
With this thought maddening her she bade the Herrons
good-night and entered the Hogan residence. She hastily
locked the door behind her, gained her room, dropped upon
her bed and drew a pillow over her face. Then qetead of
being thankful for the pleasant evening she had enjoyed,
she began to pour forth a flood of angry tears. Why could
not that dreadful Jim Madnau watch Miss Chellis, and keep
his eyes off of her? Poor, tender, loving, defeated Stanley!
But no; not defeated, after all. She would love him—she
would dance with him in spite of that jealous, watchful
fiend. She would punish Jim Madnau fearfully; she would
make him rue the day he began to shadow her; she would
keep his company if he made advances; and then like an
avenging Nemesis she would await her time. It was only
her own wicked fancy that conjured up in Stanley similar-
ities to Tom Carver. Jim Madnau was the whole Carver
family and infinitely more. He was a wild beast, only to be
entrapped by strategy and conquered by rarest skill.
Coquettes, like customs, die ‘Tard.
CHAPTER IX.
STRANGE EVENTS.
‘Many did not feel particularly active next morning. She
got up to breakfast with a bitter taste in her mouth and her
ead reminding her in some way of a visit she had once
made to a sawmill.
