STRANGE EVENTS. a
“Don’t feel very brisk this morning, I reckon, Mary,”
said Mr. Hogan.
“Not very. I’m some sleepy yet.”
“Yes, I warrant; and you can hear the fiddles everywhere
you turn, can’t you?”
« Yes, sir, they punished what little sleep I did get.”
«Yes, and your eyes stand bugged out till you could knock
’em off with sticks. You see, gal, these little dissipations
has all got to be paid for sooner or later—sooner or later.
A little all-night, or nearly all-night dance, and a midnight
supper, and a headache and a heartache all next day.”
“But I thought you did not object to dancing, Mr.
Hogan ?”
“Well a ditéle dancin’, so long as it’s done in reason, will
do very well; young people have got to be amused and I
can’t see but what dancin’ does better nor most anything
else, though it does look kinder silly to see all them heads
bobbin’ round. I used to go, me and Harriet, and I had lots
of fun while I was jumpin’ round on the floor; but when D’d
got through and was standin’ off watchin’ the others cavort-
in’, it struck me as all kinder useless. But I was ready
enough to take my place when my turn come again. Now,
if young people would git together and dance till ten or
eleven o’clock and then not eat a bite, but go home and git
a good night’s sleep, there’d be no objections to it. But
they don’t do that; they git together and dance till daylight,
and eat enough greasy cake at midnight to kill a maverick
steer. That’s what I don’t believe in.”
“Well, a few mornings like this will convince me that
you are right,” she answered.
The next day was Sunday, and a Sunday-school was to be
organized at the church. his church had been built by the
settlers on Trelawna ; it was an unpretentious brick build-
ing and belonged to no denomination. When different de-
nominations wished to hold services of their own particular
kind, such services were announced and held. But since
no one sect was wealthy enough to build a church, a union
building was decided upon, where divers sects were listened
to in turn. The Sunday-school was to be purely union.
The church stood to the east of the school-house about a
mile and a half and alittle less than half a mile south of the
creek. Thus it occupied a central position in the three-mile
strip. The school-house stood upon ground given by Mr.
Hogan, and was in reality almost at the edge of the district,
