STILL STRANGER EVENTS, 89
the house. He did not notice their absence, but went on
until Mary was so chilled that she was obliged to complain.
“Well, I declare, I ought to have thought of that,” he said,
“ but I never hardly get cold. I’d forgotten about you being
sickly. But you see f never had much chance, and it’s not
often I see people that khow much about such things. Let’s
go right in.”
And Jim, awakened to the fact that he had neglected a
youn lady’s comfort, became so officious in his attentions that
‘ogan slyly winked at his wife. He drew a chair to
the stove for her and put three sticks of pifion in the stove,
one of which he soon after had to seize with the tongs and
carry out of doors to keep the chimney from burning out and
setting the house on fire.
“Now the next time I keep you standing in the cold tell-
ing me a Jot of stuff I don’t particular need to know, you just
light out and leave me. I didn’t think I was such a yahoo,”
he said savagely.
Mary sat by the fire and silently concluded that her gs
vious methods were all lost here. Her former lovers had
listened gracefully and let her conclude when she chose.
They had noticed her, rather than what she was saying, and
had not kept her out in the cold talking nebular hypothesis
until her fingers were numb and her nose frigid. She feared
new plans must be evolved ; if not, the hunter might possibly
become the game, and the chase be finished from an opposite
direction from the one it had taken at the start.
She continued to meet Stanley quite as often as she did
Jim. He occasionally came over in the evening and talked
with her until nine. He happened into the school-house at
noon on two occasions, and remained until time to call the
school to order. He brought her a novel which he recom-
mended very highly ; and his widowed mother came over to
pay Mrs. Hogan a very friendly visit and lend her a new
cook-book. Mr. Hogan continued to advocate Jim’s cause,
but was less warlike than usual toward Stanley. Mary’s
cheeks were of a warmer hue when Jim called; Mr. Hogan
noted this fact and was wise enough to be content with the
prospect.
One evening when the two were alone together, Mary
asked the old lady :
“Did you ever see any of Mr. Madnau’s family, Mrs.
Hogan ?”
“No, I never did. He’sanorphan. His father was killed
