80 MANY RIATAS ARE THROWN. 105
them, her cheeks red with mortification and anger at being
out-generaled in this fashion, Jim dismounted and lifted her
into his saddle without a word. She looked down into his eyes
as he placed her foot in the stirrup—what was it she saw there?
Alas! what was it he saw in her own that made him start
and color? Whatever it was dropped down upon his shoul-
der, a little bead. Then filled with self-contempt, she threw
back her head and resolutely gathered up her reins. The
phaeton flew on in front and Stanley was at her side. She
got on but poorly with him at first, but the thought of her
revelation to Jim nerved her to effort and she, for the first
time in life, flirted intentionally and desperately. She
smiled and bent her head when he spoke. She laughed
pay at his stupid nonsense; she leaned over and patted his
jorse’s neck and called him a pretty jewel. A woman is
never so brilliant and fascinating, never so lovely and lovable,
as when she is in love. Love has opened every channel of
charm and caused her to bring all her forgotten and neg-
lected resources to bear. She recognizes the value of the
game she hunts and is armed for a desperate chase, even
though society demand that that chase be hidden from the
eyes of all. She can fight alone by stratagem, and strata-
gem she consequently studies. But her love she can no
more conceal than the rose can conceal its color; thus she
attracts to her all things in search of love. And Stanley,
noting Mary’s glowing, feverish face, all unable to see that
its color was jealousy and love for the man in advance of
them, took the plainly visible fire to be burning for himgelf.
They passed the phaeton, waving their hands to the inmates,
but paused at the junction of the branch with the main road
for Jim and Amy to overtake them again. When the phae-
ton was beside them Mary said decidedly as she rose in the
saddle and slipped off the improvised skirt:
“ Here is your lap robe, Amy ; I’m much obliged to you
for it. And Mr. Madnau, what shall I do with your horse ?
I’m going home, now.”
“OQ, now, Mary, hush!” began Amy. “I’m not going
to let you go, yet. You're going to spend the evening with
me.”
But Mary was determined to end the wretched day. Of
course Amy was not to blame, but the misery had lasted
long enough.
“Yea, indeed, I must go; Mrs. Hogan does not like tohave
me get home late,” she said firmly.
