THAT THEY BECOME TANGLED. 109
amazingly. Then there was a very pleasant interval in which
she talked political history with Col. Chellis, in which con-
versation both were gracious enough to keep their tempers.
Mary liked politics and political history. She loved to
over the Missouri Compromise, the Wilmot Proviso, the
Webster-Ashburton Treaty, the Omnibus Bill and its many
provisions, the Dred Scott decision, the liberty of the little
public of Texas and its final annexation. She had only
read of these things, but Col. Chellis was old enough to re-
member the actual occurrence of most of them, and the stir
they had caused. And Col. Chellis was pleased with her
ready memory and eager questions, and expressed in very
decided terms, his wish that Amy would read more history,
and less slush, Amy rebelled at the word “slush,” and
gave her father a few pointed suggestions as to her own
ability to choose her reading, after which the conversation
lagged.
In the morning Amy again helped with the dish-washing,
expressing to Mary, who assisted her, her complete disgust
of girls who left people, just because they were not asked to
eat at the family table. And Mary remembered how she
had once worked out a few weeks to get some money for a
pet scheme of her own, but she did not narrate her memory
to Amy. She was learning the wisdom of carefully con-
sidered statements. After the dish-washing was done, Mrs.
Chellis set about baking cakes. Mary wanted to protest
against a woman wearing black cashmere and velvet while
she mixed up fruit cake, but she held her peace and offered
her services. Yes, she might cut the citron and stone the
raisins. Amy might sift flour, which she did, greatly to the
disparagement of her pink flannel embroidered wrapper.
And while Mary worked away at the raisins and citron, en-
joving her task, and the homelike feeling it brought, Mrs.
Chellis became more and more cordial and sympathetic.
Amy, because of the necessity of soiling her hands with
household work, was not in the highest good humor; but her
mother’s beaming friendliness made up for all lacks. Mrs.
Chellis did hope, that if Mary married at all, she would get
a good husband. There was so much danger of a girl doing
badly. Did she have any serious thoughts in regard to Mr.
Madnau now? She hoped not, for she was quite sure Mr.
Madnau was not good enough for a well-educated young lady
like herself. She understood, too, that his mother used to
wash for a living, and that, of course, would prevent his wife
