BUT THE VAQUERO IS ROPED. 111
ning skeleton would remain tenant in her heart forever,
keeping out other tenants, and all ambitions and joys. She
bent lower than ever over her work, and tried to recall a time
when she had not been marked out as prey by some design-
ing person, But to have Jim Madnau turn deceiver was too
bitter for the salve of philosophy.
“Tve been writing to Amelia about ‘how well you were
getting along with your school, and that you were going
around some with Jim. She used to know him. I’m going
ona visit to her next week, and leave Amy to keep house
for her pa. That is, Pll go if I can get another girl. The
work is too much for Amy alone. Amelia seems interested
in you. She'll want to know if you’re going to marry Jim.
Now, what shall I tell her ?”
“Tell her—I never—will—marry him—never on earth!”
gasped Mary, as she set down the finished fruit, with a loud
slam of the pan. The well-appointed kitchen swam away
in a sea of confused sights. She rose from her chair, and
tottered to the water pail She lifted the tin dipper.
“O dear, don’t drink out of that old thing; here’s a silver
mug; I never use that dipper, only to fill the tea-kettle.”
“Ws good enough for me,” said Mary, as she raised it
to her lips. “I’m getting another of those faint spells,” she
continued, as her head swayed from side to side. “I'll go
right home. I might get sick on your hands, and cause you
worlds of trouble. I'll get my things now, Amy, please.”
There was a chorus of protests, but they were useless.
Mary had reached the limit of endurance, and she knew it.
She resolutely refused the phaeton. She was soon hurrying
up the road, breathing in the sharp, frosty, bracing morning
air. She took long breaths of it, distending her narrow
chest, thanking God that the air was pure and unpolluted,
and that there was no one to dispute with her the possession
of all she desired of it.

CHAPTER XIIL-
BUT THE VAQUERO IS ROPED.
Mary spent two weary days before the reopening of school.
She could not blame the Chellises—they meant to rescue
her, of course; but she felt towards them as we feel toward
the surgeon who comes to cut the bullet out of ourarm, His
