126 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
And she wanted to get used to this fact before she became
the possessor of more wonders.
er first week was one of discovery. She learned that her
husband, though well nigh a saint in her eyes, almost in-
variably forgot to take out the ashes when he kindled a fire
in the kitchen stove. She learned that Kid was a person of
some education, and that he had nails in his boots that cut
the sitting-room carpet; also that he was much given, as soon
as his embarrassment at the new state of affairs was over, to
singing snatches and fragments of songs, of which no one
seemed to know the origin. There were sellom more than
four lines, and a stanza was seldom repeated. She learned
that Hen F d but one fault, and that was his
neglect to pick up his casi-vif clothing, but this little weak-
ness he shared with all the gentlemen in the house. Penob-
scot Bill presented quite a list of peculiarities: first and fore-
most, he never was known to shut a door; second, he held in
complete scorn everything in Colorado; there were certain
places where he had sojourned which he pathetically referred
to in a general way as “back yonder,” that contained all the
blessings of life and none of the drawbacks; sometimes he
said “ back yonder in Penobscot,” or “ back yonder in Eliza-
ville;” but his reference was more frequently to “back
yonder,” pure and simple. He always kept his mouth open,
save when it was necessary to close it over a morsel of food
or a chew of tobacco; he was so excessively polite in one
particular that he never refused an invitation to take a drink.
‘At table his politeness was less noticeable; he always
abridged his language as much as possible, and at table he
carried this to the utmost, making such requests as, “Gimme
smoat meal,” if the oatmeal was desired; or, “ Gimme smash,”
if the hash was the longed-for article. When he addressed
Mary, he prefixed “Please,” as “ Please gimme smilk.” He
always shook his glass to attract Mary’s attention, and if no
one was ready to pass the bread just when he wanted it, he
rose to his feet, braced his right hand against the back of
his chair, and grasping his fork in his left hand, reached
over and secured a slice, and was back in his chair with
almost chameleon celerity, When in embroidered flannel
shirt, bearskin chaparejos, high-heeled boots, spurs, and hat
well on one side of his head, with two revolvers strapped
round his body, and an overflowing cartridge belt, Bill was
in full dress. “According to Hume he would have po: «d
beauty if only he could have found some one to appreciate


