DISCOVERY. 127
his peculiar style. His finger length, dust colored curls, and
his confident-looking red eyes never met just the favor that
Bill felt to be their due. Jim had told Mary that Bill’s
boots smelled like something had crawled into them and
died, and as the gentleman in question pulled off the said
boots and left them in the sitting-room every night, Mary
had ample opportunity for learning the truth of this state-
ment. She finally adopted the plan of lifting the boots on a
long stick, throwing them into the angle of the stairway,
and shutting them out of sight and smell. She begged Jim
to request Bill to wash his feet and buy a clean pair of socks;
but Jim said he did not want to get a fight on his hands,
and so the matter rested.
Another peculiarity of Penobscot Bill was that he belonged
to the class of humanity known as echoes. One might think
that so valiant an appearing gentleman, armed so heroically,
would be mentally independent; but it was not so. Bill
was always attached to some mouthpiece to whom he acted as
a sounding board. When Bill’s mouthpiece made a state-
ment in an affirmative tone, Bill said, “Yes; by thunder;”
when the mouthpiece made a statement in a negative tone,
Bill said, “No; by Jacks.” He was just now acting as
echo for Broncho Charlie, and since that gentleman was
seldom present at the Bar Eleven ranche, Bill occasionally
was compelled to stand on his own intellectual legs. He had
lived thirty years as an echo and the chances all pointed that
if he escaped the deadly revolver and the more deadly tangle-
foot, he would live as an echo at least thirty years more.
Mary also discovered that Jim and Stanley and Bill were
not the only young gentlemen whose hearts she had touched ;
she discovered that four-year-old Bertie Herron was among
her victims. In spite of his mother’s disapproval of the
marriage, Bertie was still true, and whenever he could elude
the maternal vigilance, he would run up to the Bar Eleven
ranche as fast as his chubby legs could carry him, and spend
happy hours with his adored one. Mary loved children, and
save for the fact of Bertie carrying off all the case knives to
dig wells with; branding the cat, and insisting upon the
enforcement of equal rights in regard to the pantry and its
contents, she had no objection to his visits. Neither had
Mrs. Herron any serious objection ; she was fond of gadding,
and by her son’s visits to Mary, she gained in two directions;
she could visit the other neighbors unencumbered of her
son, and then in the evening could go to the Madnau resi-
