152 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
human critters that way, ain’t fit to do ridin’ fer the Lord.
Well, Jim, the weather seems to be liftin’ a little, so I guess
Vl see what I can find, out in the direction of Dwightmere
Pass.”
CHAPTER XIX.
THE COWBOY AS A POET.
Durie the ensuing week Mr. Jennings developed a most
striking tendency to discuss his girls. He had during his
interesting and eventful career possessed a great many of
these articles. He told of quite a number who had 2
honored by him with matrimonial engagements, but who
invariably exhibited upon maturer acquaintance traits unfit-
ting them to enter into the Jennings family. The gentleman
under discussion, had, upon discovering such unfitness, picked
a quarrel with these ladies in order that the engagement
might come to an end without entirely killing the unfortunates.
These circumstances were related at the table, in the barn-
yard, in the sitting-room, or just anywhere where an audience
could be obtained. Indeed it seemed that an audience was
quite as necessary to Mr. Jennings as is a cloud toa rain
storm. When all other ears failed him he hunted Mary, for
whom he was forming a very decided friendship. He showed
her his love letters, wherein “Lat dear,” and “Dear Lat,”
and “Well beloved Latshaw,” figured numerously, and
explained to her how deeply he regretted his inability to
return the affections of all these gushing misses. He assured
her with unsteady voice that it was all unintentional on his
part. If the girls just would fall in love with him, how was
e to help it ?
Iola was not favorably impressed until one evening he
entered the kitchen and offered to help her wash the dishes.
She accepted his services, hunted up a wiping towel, and
during all that evening treated him with such considerate
kindness and politeness, that very frequently after that Mr.
Jennings’ red shirt might have been seen bending over the
dish table. Kid told Gus Waite of these proceedings and
made the most of the narration. Gus was a young man of
few words; it has already been stated that he consisted princi-
