162 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
come up here this time of day?” she fiercely demanded.
“Boo, hoo; come to see you.”
“You did! Well, I’d be glad if you’d wait till I’m ready
to entertain company.”
“Boo, hoo! Why didn’t you whip ta cat, too? Se had
her nose in ta cream.”
“She wasn’t to blame. She couldn’t have got in there if
you hadn’t opened tho door and let her in. Learn right
now, young man, that when you lead a weaker or more ig-
norant creature into doing wrong, that you deserve punish
ment whether you get it or not. Go home, now, and stay
with your mamma.”
“Se’s goin’ visitin’ to Mrs. Gregg’s.”
“Has she gone yet?”
« No, but se was gettin’ weddy. Se had her bwown dwess
on.
“Won’t there be any one there, then ?”
“Nobody but gappa.”
“Well, go and stay with him.”
“No, no; Mit Madnau, let me tay here. Gappa won't let
me holler. I’ll be good and make ta cat be good. Let me
tay.” And the young man set up such a hue and cry that
Mary kissed him, bade him be good and stay.
As a consequence of these little domestic breezes she sat
down to breakfast in a rather troubled frame of mind. The
men were not at their best, either. One of Penobscot Bill’s
peculiarities was a tendency to snore, which tendency was
trebled and sometimes quadrupled after any exciting event.
Bill and Lat were bed-fellows, and it had been necessary for
Hen Hall to “sing out” to Lat three different times during
the night to wake Bill and stop his sonorous snore. This
had caused more or less sleeplessness, which is generally the
cause of more or less ill-humor. But, strange to say, Mr.
Jennings was serene. He had been treated with much con-
sideration by both Mary and Iola the previous evening, and
of course a gentleman who has seen such direful adventures
as he had would not be disturbed by a well-intentioned snore.
Ho appeared at breakfast clad in blue overalls, blue flannel
shirt and abundant self-confidence.
Mary had dressed herself for the morning in a dark green
flannel, embroidered with gold-colored silk. It had been a
beautiful dress, but was now fit for only everyday wear.
“Jim,” said Lat impressively, “you ought to buy your
wife a cartload of green dresses; that’s the most becoming
thing I ever saw.”
