180 THE ADMINISTRATKIX.
custom, that the cave house made things too easy for the
women. What was the good of women, if not to climb
trees, loaded down with spoil for their lords’ dinners ?
“The cave man, whose name was Chucklehead, had further-
more outraged the community by having skirts made for
himself, Mrs. Chucklehead, and their young daughter, Saucy
Eye. Mrs, Chucklehead made these skirts of bark; they
were short, and very becoming; but the remainder of the
inhabitants, who went skirtless, roundly disapproved of
them. The natives expostulated with Chucklehead, and told
him that if he went on living in a walled-up cave and wearing
clothes, he would not only waste his time and bring ridicule
upon himself, but might possibly lead a few of their children
astray, and thus bring disgrace upon the entire community.
Of course he never would have many followers, because people
never would train themselves into making walls to live in
and putting on clothes, It was against reason, and people
would never do it. But he might lead a few rattlebrains
astray, and get them to following his example, causing them
to be looked upon with quite as much disfavor as himself.
“The maidens reasoned with Saucy Eye concerning her
skirt. They begged her to cease wearing it.
“«©Why, Saucy Eye, they said, ‘the time will never
come when people will wear skirts. The idea is ridiculous.
Its without precedent. It’s against our religion. It
will never be the custom to wear clothes—pa says so, and
grandpa too—and you'll just be laughed at and perhaps
murdered. And then people are just as far advanced now as
they’ll ever be. They’re good enough as they are ; let them
stay so and don’t be making a commotion. ‘Then they fell
to abusing the cave house.’
“<T'd like to know,’ said a pert miss, ‘if you think people
will ever be silly enough to follow your father’s example ?
Why, if they go to walling wp caves to live in, first thin;
you know they'll use up all the loose rocks there are, ani
then where will their children get rocks to build with?
They’ll have to come back to living in trees. Don’t you see ??
«* Yes, and they’ll use up all the rocks so we won’t have
anything to fling at each other when we get into a fight,
said another.
“And then it’s such disrespect to our forefathers,
said a third.
“Saucy Eye, unable to answer all these weighty arguments,
yan into the cave house and shed bitter tears, wiping her
