182 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
and put over the top. He had never heard of such a thing,
but he believed it could be done. And Saucy Eye was so
delighted with the Prospect that she asked Weaver to take a
bite of the shell-fish she was eating. Weaver was so com-
plimented by this new courtesy that he forgot to wait till she
took it from her mouth, but stooped and took a large bite of
the portion that protruded from her red lips. Thus the kiss
was invented. ‘The experiment pleased them so well, that
they hastily swallowed the shell-fish, and began to make the
most of the novel discovery. Presently Weaver told her of
still another plan of his ; it will be readily seen that Weaver
was arustler. The secret now divulged was this: During
the last hurricane a large tree had been blown down. Weaver
had often noticed logs floating and he believed he could hol-
low out a log and get into the hollow, and go over to those
reen trees across the water yonder! So after months of
ford work he had cut off roots and tops with a sharp stone,
and had hollowed the trunk. He had covered it with boughs
and brush when he was not working, and when he saw any-
one coming. It was now all ready to drag to the water, but
it would require four people to get it there. Saucy Eye was
so delighted that she put her last shell-fish into her mouth
and rushed to Weaver. The invention was again honored,
and the couple hunted some more shell-fish. These devoured,
Saucy Eye went to call her parents. They came, and the
wonder was soon afloat with the lovers as passengers.
“But Weaver found that he could not make the craft obey
his wishes. It floated where it would, without the least re-
gard to his preferences. He had brought two huge clubs
along to beat off sharks, and when he struck at a shark and
cut the water, the secret was revealed to him. If one club
improved things, why nottwo? Heseized the other. Then
he laughed and shouted. Saucy Eye longed for another
shell-fish. It came near being an unlucky day for shell-fish.
The two watchers on the shore shouted in company and the
hubbub brought Lighthead to the scene. Now Lighthead is
the villain of this romance. He gathered a huge club and
in ambush waited. The lovers decided to visit the faraway
trees some other day. They landed. The envious Light-
head, glutted with jealousy, rushed up behind Weaver, and
brained him with his club.
««There, you miserable skirt-wearing, cloth-weaving, boat-
inventing dude, take that,’ he shrieked. (‘Dude’ was
even then a term of dire reproach.)
