THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 191
“But let me stay with you while you do live. After that
I can teach school or sew.’
“Nonsense! Bug wantsyou and I told him he could have
you; now say when, and be done with it.’
“© Papa, I don’t want to marry a man that I hate!’
«Well, I’m not goin’ to turn as good a feller as Bug away.
So if you don’t set the time, I will. I ain’t got much to
keep you on; you'll have to take Bug. I’ve got to go now,’
and he put on his hat and sauntered down the path.
“The day passed wearily enough. Johnson was to be there
to supper in the evening, and the morning was consequently
spent in preparing dainty dishes; for Hay insisted that
Johnson be lavishly entertained. When pauses came in her
work the girl found herself gazing anxiously over the wide
plain in the direction taken by Harris. He had been bidden
to come home for instructions in the evening, and at about
six o'clock she saw him approaching; with every bound of
the galloping horse her depressed spirits rose. But before
he entered the house her father and lover were there.
“The supper was eaten with much coarse mirth on the part
of Hay and Johnson. When the meal was concluded and
the dishes put away, Hay sent the girl and her lover into
the parlor.
“*¢T want to give this chap here some ideas about-the cow
business and I don’t want no lovers round botherin’ me,’ he
said with a heavy laugh.
“But Harris was so disturbed by the wan, appealing face
that disappeared beyond the closed door that the ‘cow busi-
ness ideas’ made but little impression on him. He felt that
she was in trouble and longed to help her. Morning came
and he had no word with her. His task for the day was a
hard one and he did not get back till late. Louise was just
returning from her walk to the post-office. Having picketed
his horse near the path, Harris turned and walked beside her
to the house. Once inside the door she sank into a chair
and groaned; turning toward him a face so blanched and
miserable that he begged to know if he could do anything
for her.
“Nothing, unless you’d kill me. Oh! Oh!’
“Miss Hay, V’d help you if I knew——’
“You can’t! Nobody can! Papa has promised me to be
married to that wretch the day after to-morrow.’
“Why is he in such a hurry ?’
“<Tt isn’t a hurry. He’s been telling me for six months to

