194 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
knife. Then he sprung upon his back and dragged his com-
panion up after him, just as a bullet whizzed past his ear.
"They were soon out of range of the old man’s badly directed
shots, and the half mile to the village was traversed almost at
a flash. They avoided the central part of the town, but went
directly to the little depot which stood about half mile east.
The building was dark and deserted. They dismounted and
gave the horse his liberty, tying the rope about his neck so
that he need not step upon it and trip himself.
««He will go straight home,’ said Louise.
“Then they stood in silence for atime. Far away in the
distance gleamed the approaching headlight, still miles and
miles away. Harris started nervously and said:
“O, I have no matches! This train does not stop unless
it is flagged.”
“T have some. I remembered,’ she said, as she took a
bundle of newspapers from under her arm and began to
twist them into a torch. There was a long silence while
the headlight grew larger. ‘Then there came the sound of a
tremendous uproar in the little village.
«¢Listen !? said Harris.
“Men shouting. Do you suppose papa can have got to
the saloon yet?’
“It must be. It is getting louder. They are coming
this way.’
“0, what will we do? You have no revolver.”
«Tf they get here before the train does, getbehind me. I
will do the best with this knife. But keep courage. The
train is nearly here. Give me the paper and matches.’
“<Hlere they are. But let me stand in front of you. They
won’t shoot me. O, I see them coming! I will never for-
give myself if I cause your death.’
“¢ And I will never forgive myself if I fail to save you,’
he said, as he stepped upon the track and swung the blazing
torch to and fro.
“On came the train, promising escape and safety. Nearer
surged the drunken crowd, presaging death to the man and
life misery to the woman. ‘The angry voices sounded high
above the dull roar of the train. Louise heard her name
fiercely called. She turned and clutched her companion’s
arm.’
“¢¥Forgive me! Forgive me!’ she gasped.
“<€ourage. The train is just here.”
“The now gradually slackening pace of the train was still
