CHAPTER XXIIL ,
EXPERIENCES.
‘THERE are certain kinds of flowers that attain their per-
fection slowly. They consist of so many petals that though
they unfold several new ones each day it is many suns ere
they stand fuily in bloom. Mr. Latshaw Aurelius Jennings
was a ranunculus acris of this sort. He unfolded slowly.
His glories came to the front by ones, two and threes, and
thus saved the beholder from being blinded by viewing them
all in one gorgeous panorama.
In addition to a very large number of new histories of
heart-broken girls, and girls who had been deterred from
bringing breach of promise actions only because of a shortage
of witnesses, Mr. Jennings revealed the presence in the
neighboring mining camp of Cedar Ridge of two kindred
souls. One of these was Mr. Lem Harcoot, a gentleman
who had shared the childhood gambols of Mr. Jennings, and
on several occasions had stood between that gentleman and
the irate fathers of the maidens whose hearts the latter was
ruthlessly crushing. The other individual was Mr. Clarence
Henri Ellsworth, the son of the widow whom, after the death
of the mother of Latshaw Aurelius and seven other interest-
ing offspring, the elder Mr. Jennings—Mr. Wilson Jen-
nings—had led to the altar. Clarence Henri Ellsworth, the
step-brother of our hero of the short upper lip, was the eldest
of a flock of five who delighted the heart of their mother by
their great beauty and unsurpassed mental and physical
prowess. Mr. Jennings had much to say of Clarence Henri.
He was in some few respects more remarkable even than
was Mr. Jennings himself. He was one of the most cele-
brated boxers of all times, if he only had a mind to go forth
and display himself. He was a regular knocker—a genuine
hard hitter—a man who struck straight out from the shoulder
and made the fire fly every time. He was so personally
charming that all the ladies who had escaped Mr. Jennings’s
toils had been heart-wrecked by him.
Other remarkable adventures on the part of Mr. Jennings
kept coming to light. While he was but a youth, a gang of
