EXPERIENCES. 215
selfish nature ; he thinks only of self and self-gratification,
and thus remorselessly tramples upon the rights and enjoy-
ments of others. ‘The other reason is secondary: he sees
that his charm of manner begets him favor and victims, and
he consequently augments this pleasant frout in every way
possible, so that thereby its effect may be augmented. Now
look at Jennings from a careful standpoint; he is coarse,
vain and illiterate; he is, by his own confession, heartless
and insincere. Yet his beauty of person, his charm of man-
ner, his ready flow of entertaining talk, and the unquestioned
acceptance that is granted every man, stranger or not, take
him into good society and beget him the favor of pure-
minded girls.”
“Why are you so sure he will never marry Emma Chase ?”
“ For many reasons. A professional flirt marries only when
there is something to be gained. There must be great wealth,
great social position, or some other inducement. ‘Then the
male flirt prefers that his wife be a prude. He has followed
so many women who were not prudes that he has lost faith
in the sex. His love has all been expended long ago. He
does not ask a wife to receive his love. A plain woman who
will not attract men, who will look well after his house,
bring him property or position, and take excellent care of his
children, will suit him best. If his old longing for the
society of the fallen return, he will not hesitate to seek such
society. Emma Chase, as one of so many children, could
bring him but little property. She has no other qualities
that he desires; she is simply a light-hearted girl, such as
he has often amused himself with.”
“Don’t you believe he will ever fall in love with any one,
Mary ?”
“Perhaps he may. ‘There is one type of woman that I
believe could make him suffer. A woman of rare per-
sonal charms who would attract his fancy and then maintain
a resolute independence, arousing his hunting instinct, and
keeping forever just out of his reach, could amply avenge
the innocents he has duped. The more selfish the individual,
the greater is his ability to suffer at defeat in a matter of
deep desire. Jennings may meet some one who will even
up all his little flirtations.”
“ [ve a notion to try it myself,” muttered Iola.
“Do not risk it. "The man in any such contest has so
many advantages that naturally everything is in his favor.
The woman who plays such a man must have age as well as
