THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
Its two horns on the near side to steady her wei
Its stirrup with thongs of stout leather entwins
‘And the long tapadaro that lay off behind,
The stout tree ’neath the cushion so soft and so full,
All lined with a sheepskin unshorn of its wool,
Its latigo straps so yellow and long,
Its wide cinchas strengthened with interlaced thong,
The long, flying tie-strings that hung *neath the seat,
And the short leather skirts with their border so neat.
"The strange handsome thing was enough to appall,
Because for the right hand there was no horn at all;
For the ladies who range Western hill, vale and plain,
Consider the hand-hold constructed in vain;
In side horn and stirrup they find a sure brace,
"That despite maddest prank keeps them safely in plact
So Delia’s fair cheek was with wonder aglow,
This big cowgirl saddle astonished her so;
‘And when she was mounted and ready to ride,
This big cowgirl saddle filled her with pride;
Her fair, piquant face bewitchingly smiled,
For this big cowgirl saddle with joy drove her wild
Its sky-blue buckskin seat with soft cream silk one

‘THE ARRIVAL.
(Jim.)
In the course of an hour or an hour and a half,
‘After many a jest and occasional laugh,
"The party arrived at the cave.
‘Then they quickly began to talk and discuss
Of personal fear, and that started a fuss,
For all wanted to be thought brave.
For there lived an old story about this same spot,
That would shake the strong nerves of nobody knows
*Twas a story of bears and of blood.
It was said that one time in the dark long ago,
At least two years before for aught that I know,
‘A handsome young cowboy had stood,
At its dark, dismal mouth, looking searchingly down,
When he found himself hemmed in by bears fierce and
Then he wondered how he would escape,
For he feared that the bears had decided to lunch
‘And that he was the tid-bit they shortly would munch.
‘Things had taken on quite a bad shape.
But a cowboy.is naught, if not reckless and brave;
He turned him about and leaped into the cave,
‘The dark cave that all feared to tread.
And one of the bears so fierce and so brown,
‘Mad at losing its prey quickly followed him down;
‘And the rumor sped on to ranche, post and town,
‘That the fearless young cowboy had doubtless gone doy
To dwell in the realms of the dead.
