236 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
He got him a pair of bearskin chaps, and a hat that looked
like a circus tent, and a pair of guns—one wasn’t enough.
He did know a little somethin’ about ridin’—could do purty
well with a gentle horse for a few hours. Well, I tell you
he was a terror the first day out—like to a run his horse to
death—and that night he was mighty noisy round the camp-
fire with his mouth, though I noticed he didn’t stir around
much, T’ve seen fellers more in a rush to get up than he
was next morning, and when he started to ride he wasn’t
near such a terror as he’d been at first. The third day he
pegged along till noon and come in sick. He took off his
guns and kicked off them chaps, and rolled into the mess
wagon. He got onto the cook’s blankets and that started a
racket. The cook finally let him alone, but when we boys
come in we got after the boss. He had some medicine
along to give to us if we took mountain fever, and we got
after him to fix up several bitter kinds together and make
the dude swallow his feed. The dude took one dose and
that cured him. Ridin’ wasn’t as much fun as it used to
be, but it was more fun than that stuff. That feller had got
romance enough stored up in his system to last him for
years, He was tired of the work, and the grub didn’t suit
him; got to kickin’ about the dried apples, and turnin’ up
his nose at the bacon. He managed to hold out till we run
agin’ a little town, and there he drawed his pay and showed
us his heels.”
Mr. Jennings again showed signs of communicativeness,
but Kid obtained the floor. In a nervous tone that ill ac-
corded with the preluding wink he gave Jim, he explained
that he had passed a miserable night and was in no sense
fit to ride. If Jim had no objections, he would stay at
home. Sammie would not be injured by a single day’s
riding. If Jim preferred, he, Kid, could ride slowly along
the outer edge of the scene of action and lend what little as-
sistance a sick man could without running his horse. Jim
agreed to this; Kid must be present as a sort of reserve
force, but Jim would never require a sick man to ride at full
speed over the uneven hills. Sammie could ride Mary’s nag,
ate, whose gentle behavior would endanger the lungs of
no one. Sammie offered a few objections, but these were
futile. His presence was needed and he was consequently
mustered in.
With blankets and slickera strapped to their saddles, the
party were soon galloping toward the hills, Kid’s health
