THE SPRING ROUNDUP. 237
had so far improved that he was able to endure the smart
pace of his horse without fainting away. Kate was behaving
herself just tolerably well, only ; if there was anything she
disliked with all the fervor of her equine soul it was a dis-
play of over-confidence in her good-nature. Mr. Jennings
had displayed perhaps a little too much confidence, and
Kate was consequently a little uneasy. The Bar Eleven out-
fit separated, Hen and Bill moving to the right, and the re-
maining three to the left, so as to surround and drive out
a large number of stock that ran among the hills some eight
miles below Dwightmere Pass, and turn them toward the
park where the drivers were to meet. Bill was not per-
mitted to know that fun was expected; but Jim whispered
Hen that they would do all in their power to save the circus
until the outfit again came together.
It had been arranged the day before which way the dif-
ferent parties should ride; and when Jim and his two com-
panions approached the bunch they sought they found
Texas Ike and one of his men driving down another bunch
from the direction of the Circle Bar. Kate was becomin;
more and more restless as her rider was developing inward
terror and outward bravado. Her quick and surprising
turns after fleeing cows kept her rider actively on the alert.
His upper lip was shorter than ever and the curl in his hair
less perceptible than usual. A few miles down, the crowd
was joined by the Talbert boys with another bunch. Here
Kate saw fit to become disturbed in her mind, the only per-
ceptible cause being the jingling of a loose medallion on
Harry’s showy bridle; she, with head in the air and tail hor-
izontal, performed a stiff-legged prance, which, to say the
most, was for her a very mild performance. This done, she
got one foot in a prairie-dog burrow, and in extricating her-
self threw back her head and struck the head of her rider,
who, from his great affection for her perhaps, at this instant
had his arms round her neck. She then pranced a few more
measures, not to be disagreeable at all, but merely to sug-
gest to any one who might be in an observing frame of mind
that if her humor did not improve, she might eventually ap-
proach a crisis, They reached the rendezvous before noon.
‘The drivers had been successful, for a large herd had already
been gathered.
Hen Hall presently rode up to Jim in some excitement.
Jim,” he said, “Stan Lancaster has jest come in with
