246 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
he can’t and don’t respect ’em. Now every girl T was ever
engaged to would lose all her independence—if she ever had
any in the start—inside of a month. She'd act just
like I was her master, and the only spirit she’d ever show
would be that of weak and sickly jealousy; then of
course I’d despise her. And I never saw but one or two
married women that weren't either spiritless slaves, or weak,
irritable scolds.”
“I suppose Mrs. Mad is one of the exceptions,” dryly
observed Gus.
Then Kid said:
“J don’t deny that the women, a good many of them at
least, are weak; weakness has been taught to them and in
fact almost forced upon them, I know they’d be better
treated if they were more independent. If they insisted
upon more rights they’d get more. Their lack of independ-
ence is the fault of their subordinate position, and they feel
it better to yield than to struggle. It is easy enough to
receive the treatment of a slave; all one has to do is to act
the part of one. ‘Lo be feared and hated one must play the
tyrant; but to be loathed and scorned he must play the slave.
The minds are few, and deeply philosophic must they be, in
which pity for the servile can rise above the scorn which that
servility invokes. But we men are largely responsible for the
weakness of women; and then, after all, the women are no
more servile to men than men are to custom.”
“Well, if the women would be independent in spite of
everything, the men would like ’em better,” said Broncho
Charlie. “Now the men go on and preach about how straight-
laced the women ort to be, and yet they don’t never like the
straightlaced women. They'll let the stiff, goody goody
ones go, and run after the ones that’s half full of independ-
ence and devil. Now, straight as Jim is, he’d never a
married any woman but the one he did; he could a got
several girls on the crick here if he’d a wanted ’em, but he
didn’t; Mary Fleming isa kind of a rowdy at heart, and
Jim knowed it. Then if she is sassy, she’s mighty nice about
it; when she makes light of you she does it so skillfully that
you somehow feel complimented that she took any notice of
you at all. Now she won’t never need to be jealous of Jim,
eause she keeps him so well entertained he hain’t got time
to think of any other woman. Not long ago they were out
ridin’ on the range, and they didn’t know I was in sight.
She had her horse pretty close to Jim’s, and all at once he
