SWEET RECREATION. 247
throwed his arm round her and jerked her over and kissed
her, jest like they’a been two young people.”
“And what did she do?” eagerly asked Bill, with his
mouth open a little wider than usual.
“She hauled off and slapped him at first; then he kissed
her again, and that time she laid her head on his shoulder
and give him all the chance she could.”
“Don’t that give you the old-fashioned shakes, Sammie ?”
asked the merciless Kid.
“Mrs. Madnau used to have lots of admirers,” continued
Charlie.
“ And have they all quit her ?” asked Lat.
“Tf they have, she won’t miss ’em ; she’s just lately got a
new admirer that makes up for all she’s lost ;” said Kid, as
he rolled a bowlder right in the direction of Lat.
Lat colored. “Look here, Kid,” he said, “you're too
fresh. Now, jest because I said Mrs. Madnau was fine look-
ing and independent, you needn’t think I’m going to make
a fool of myself.” .
“No danger of that now, Sammie,” retorted Kid as he
turned a somersault and began to kick sand into the river.
“But you've got the Fleming fever and you've got it bad.
You see I know all the symptoms. I watched Jim Mad and
Stan Lancaster and one or two others through it. But it’s
no use, Sammie; Jim’ll hold on to her now just as he did
then. You'll have to let first choice go, and go back and
catch one of your discarded dozen before it’s too late. Now
if you’d been smart, and fallen in love with Iola, like Gus
here——”
“Or with Bella Martin, like Kid there—” suggested Gus.
“You might a got yer pick,” suggested Hen.
“Tt’s strange what fools people can be,” muttered Lat.
“Very strange,” echoed Gus.
“Say Sammie,” continued the exasperating Kid, “if I
was to throw a big rock into a bunch of dogs, I’d know if I
hit any of ’em, because the one I hit would howl.”
“ and. !” exclaimed Lat.
“Now if you’re not hit, quit howling; ” said Kid. Then
he picked up a stone and threw it at the magpie. “ There,
now, Sammie,” he said, “ I've sent your charmer away. Fall
in love with some one you can catch next time, and look out
you don’t let Jim know how the land lays. Jim gets ugly
sometimes.”
“You fellows are havin’ lots o’ cheap fan, you think, but I


