RAISIN’ THUNDER. 259
then he’s a good judge of men, too. When he hunts a man
to pitch onto it won’t be Hen Hall.”
«But he might shoot him, Jim.”
“He can’t. We boys had him out there target shootin’
the other day and he made more bad shots and good excuses
than ever I heard of before in anything like the same length
of time.”
“Why don’t you say shooting, Jim?”
«0, T forgot. But you can rest easy about Jennings, If
he was as bad a man as he thinks he is, it wouldn’t be safe
for any of us to stay in the house. It’s mighty lucky that
some people over-estimate themselves.”
Jim now felt it to be his duty to tell his wife that he
expected trouble with Lancaster. He had that very day
seen one of his cows, one that he found far up in the
mountains, bearing afresh Bar H brand. Not only the cross
was new—all was new—showing that Lancaster had set his
brand directly over his own. He was bitter, defiant and
angry. ‘The game his neighbor was playing seemed so brazen
that it well-nigh maddened him. And yet notwithstanding
its boldness Lancaster could, for certain reasons, carry it on
with surprising security. The similarity of the two brands
and the fact that Madnau’s cattle for the most part ran in
the mountains where they were not so liable to be seen and
recognized as if they had ranged in the valley, were two
strong points in his favor. No matter what Madnau himself
might have known concerning Lancaster's guilt it would be
difficult for him to prove much, Still he felt that with what
Hea and Kid were prepared to swear to he was safe in
prosecuting... Mary then referred to the conversation at the
Circle Bar and called to her husband’s attention the fact
of Laneaster joining the Circle Bar company. She insisted
with all a woman’s pertinacity that if Lancaster was guilty
the Talberts were equally so, and that the Circle Bar was a
wicked and dangerous rendezvous. It hadcome to light that
Jere Herron, Pete Gregg, the Jones faction and Uncle Peter
Chase were all complaining of missing stock. The neigh-
borhood was convulsed with excitement. And Mary, before
she would sleep that night, cautioned her husband to beware
of Lancaster. She again told over his heartless threat,
assured him that she believed he would fight detection to the
bitter end, and refused to rest until he had promised her to
take care. In the morning when he was ready to ride she
went to a closet and brought out the revolver with which he
