272 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
The first direct tidings came with Iola, It has already
been stated that Iola was a young person of some courage
and determination. She had not that delicacy which forbids
80 many young ladies mentioning government institutions.
She galloped up on Mary’s saddle horse, leaped off, tied her
to the fence, ran into the house and shortly demanded :
“Where’s Jennings?” It was very impolite. She should
have said “Mv. Jennings.”
“In there,” said Mary, motioning toward the dining-room,
wherein sat the Knight of the Kaw Plains writing a letter
to one of his numerous girls. Iola bolted into the dining-
room.
“Did you have a good time last night?” she asked
sharply.
“Yes, I had a right good time. I went all through the
mine.
“The mine was shut up last night.”
“ How do you know?”
“T was up there. Mrs. Ames and I went up to Cedar Ridge
after you passed by their house. The mine was shut up;
and what is more, we went all over town; you know it was
bright moonlight; and we didn’t see Dick hitched in front
of any of the stores or saloons. Besides that, I heard that
you were down at the dance-house.”
“Iwas not.”
“Well, I not only heard that you were there, but I heard
a man that knows Dick say he saw him hitched down there.”
“Who's been telling you this stuff?” he demanded as
beads of moisture showed themselves on his forehead.
“Two of Mr. Ames’s hired men.” And Iola rushed back
into the sitting-room, snatched off her gloves and began to
vigorously play the piano. Every word had been heard by
the sitting-room party; Hen and Kid appeared to enjoy the
situation, but Bill looked the picture of horror. Mary went
into the dining-room to begin another attack.
“Were you down there ?” she demanded.
“No, ma’am, I was not.”
“If you were, you might just as well confess. Jim will
find it out; you may depend on that.”
“T wasn’t there. If ever man was wrongfully accused,
it’s me. I’m jest goin’ to hunt them two fellers up, and
camp tight on their trail, and stay there till I either drop
’em or make ’em take that back.”
“Well,” said Mary softening a little—perhaps, after all,
