DETECTION. 275
person can deny that, But you must remember that society
gives us no rights save such as men prescribe, while the
government gives us none at all.”
“Then let’s take afew. If this government will keep a
lot of nasty dance-houses stuck round under my nose, ’ll
mention them just whenever I please and to whom I please.
It’s letting mean things go unmentioned and unaired that
keeps them in existence. If women would wake up and say
their minds they’d get along lots better. And besides, you
talk about such places, Mary.”
“But I’m a married woman, Iola.”
“Well, I’m going to be one some day, and I’m practicing
up on independence, T’ve found out, Mary, that an institu-
tion that a woman is forbidden to mention is sure to be a
bad one and ought to be voted down, Then the women that
wouldn’t think of mentioning such a place in general society
will run round amongst the neighbors telling what happens
there, and reciting nasty jokes, and filthy scenes, to excite
the minds and imaginations of children. I’d rather do the
way we do; never tell unclean things for secret amusement,
but condemn vileness wherever and whenever possible.”
“You are right, sister. But what I mean is this: so
many men will say mean things about girls when they talk
so plain.”
“They can’t accuse me of equality with themselves, any-
how. And they will like me all the better for my plain
speaking, at heart. Now there is poor Emma Chase ; she is
so in love with Jennings that she'd give him her very soul.
When she is talking to him she hasn’t an opinion of her own;
and yet since the evening he first took pains to attract her
he hasn’t noticed her much more than he has Hankum.”
And Iola sat down to the piano, threw back her head, pounded
the keys into vigorous melody, and began to sing her own
Song of the Mountain Maid.
Mr. Jennings ate dinner with the Chases; he had heard
that Lucy was betrothed to Mr. Mopely ; it was his delight
to see how many engagements he could break, and go he set
to work. Poor, loving, cringing, suffering Emma, when she
saw her adored turn all his attention to her sister, went into
her little bedroom and tried to cry her eyes out.
The wanderer came back in the evening and informed the
Madnaus that the beastly slanders that had been circulated
concerning him had given him a fearful headache from
which he had suffered all day, Gus Waite, who had just
