290 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
to listen to a few words that I’ve got to say. It’s due to you
that’s treated me so well to know jest what I am.”
“TI know you to be a kind, tender-hearted man. But if
you want to tell me anything, I will certainly be glad to
listen.”
“Tt’s kind of you to say that. When you call me what
you did, Missus, it’s because you don’t know me. I’m like
the hills yonder. They're rough and jagged, but they’s a
haze hangin’ over ’em that makes ’em look smooth. Since
you've knowed me I’ve kept a haze hangin’ over me, too.”
There was a pause in which Mary looked surprised and
pained, and Hen closed his eyes and tried to control the
nervous twitching of his fingers. Presently he went on:
“T hadn’t calkilated to say nothin’ about this here, Missus,
till I was sure. But now I am sure. I’ve backed my last
broncho and lassoed my last steer. I’m goin’ over the range
and I want to talk this over with you and see if you think
T’'ll carry the devil’s brand over there.”
Poor Mary’s ready sympathies were afloat. They were
flowing out on the tide of her willing tears.
“Go on,” she said.
“Well, Missus, I low they ain’t very many as sneakin’
coyotes as I am, though I do know they’s some that ain’t
suffered as much for their sins. I wa’n’t never handsome
to speak of, but they was a time once when I wa’n’t so lean
and ganglin’ and ugly as I am now. About that time I was
ridin’ in northern Texas in the Pan Handle. Our herd
used to stray over into the Neutral Strip, and of course we'd
go over there to look after em. They was some little towns
jest across the Kansas line, and once we concluded we’d take
one of ’em, named Brigton, in. It was my first drunk, and
my last. One of the boys, Tom Samp was his name, that
was consid’able on the cut and shoot, rode down the street
with a six-shooter in each hand. His broncho was goin’ at
a one-fifty gait and 'Tom was throwin’ lead mighty careless.
He didn’t want to hit anybody with it though. Somebody
had started a gag that Tom had weak lungs, and he wanted
to prove ’em off the trail. So he was shootin’ for fun, and
yellin’ to drown the noise. Well, the cits went inter their
houses and locked their doors so’s not to get et up; then they
sent the marshal to roundup us boys. He came down street
and saw Tom cavortin’, so he pulls his gun on Tom, and
says, ‘You're my pris’ner.” Tom covered him with both his
irons, and says he, ‘Not much, Mary Ann; you're mine,
