302 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
upon certain points, They must prevent themselves being
brought to trial as things stood, since they knew the chances
were in favor of their conviction. They must assure their
own employes of Jim’s guilt. To bring about the death of
Jim was the only way to prevent their own conviction.
Since no one of the three, nor all three together dared attack
their victim while he was armed, they decided upon a plan
to disarm him. ‘They would have him arrested. With this
end in view they openly charged him with stealing their
stock, and, going to Milroy City, swore out a warrant for his
arrest.
Late in the afernoon after he had left his wife gazing
after him in the morning, Jim saw the county sheriff ap-
proaching him at a rapid pace. Jim was then about fourteen
miles from his home and about sixteen miles from Milroy
City. He was driving asmall bunch of his calves towards
the lower country, intending if possible to keep them out of
the higher hills. The sheriff read the warrant. Jim felt a
deadly sickening at his heart. ‘That there was a plot he was
well-nigh certain. But he did not resist the officer as he
could easily have done. He felt it his duty to submit to the
law. Knowing his danger, however, and thinking of the
muttered threats he had heard, he begged to be allowed to
keep his revolver.
“If I had wanted to shoot you, I could have done it al-
ready ;” he said to the sheriff. “You need not be afraid of
me trying to escape. I gave you my weapon without ques-
tion. But I ask means of defense against my enemies.”
“Tt is not rulable for a prisoner to carry arms ;” said the
sheriff,
“Ts it rulable for him to be paraded defenseless among
those that seek his life ?” asked Jim bitterly.
«J will protect you;” said the sheriff. “That’s what ’m
here for.”
The sun had set and Jim looked hopelessly at its dying
rays. He knewthat he and his companion must pass within
four miles of the Circle Bar. Both fis own and the sheriff’s
horse were weary. If they reached Milroy City at all, it
would be late.
As the shades deepened his heart sank. He felt as if the
unseen spirits of his foes were gathering round him. The
sheriff tried to engage him in conversation, but with his
generous heart swelling for the wife whom he knew would
await his coming in frantic misery, he could not summon
