WIDOWED. 307
“Mary,” he said, after he had greeted her kindly, “put
on your things and come with me. Harriet’s got some things
to tell you, gal.” And the poor, trembling old man’s tone
and manner revealed all.
“Yes, yes; I'll be glad to go to her,” gasped Mary, as
she clasped her trembling hands together.
O, bow the bleeding heart in its suffering hunts the minis-
trations of the mother! If nature has robbed it of the actual,
how eagerly it turns toa willing substitute!
In the first hours of bereavement we experience only a
sense of shock. We do not suffer then as we do after we
have come to realize our loss. Nor can we arrive at this in
ashort time. The days with their old customs, old customs
never again the same, remind us in a thousand ways of des-
olation,
Mary sat by the stove in the Hogan’s sitting-room. She
was calm: for after three days of frenzy, calin was necessary.
There must come either calm or death, and for death she was
not yet ready. There was perfect calmness save fur the
nervous movements of her clasped hands. Her brain was in
confusion, She had whispered to herself many times that
she would see Jim no more, yet just now she was treasuring
up some thoughts to tell him, when she saw him again, for
surely he would come; he always ad come.
She closed her eyes, and in reverie felt that she was @
prisoner in the room; some one was guarding her there;
er soul beat at the doors and windows; it was useless;
there was no egress there ; then she felt herself rising; she
rose to the ceiling, beating it stubbornly with her arms,
trying to force a passage out; then the wall gave way
and she was free. Then she was in her own sitting-
room; there sat Jim in the large rocker; he was just
the same, only glorified; his smile was always fine, but
surely never like that; he was stretching out his arms;
she flew to him, but nothing clasped her. She started
and looked round wildly, saw the room and its two occupants,
gave a little sigh, and was quiet again.
But soon her restless soul was again a-wing. Again she
was with her husband. They were galloping over the hills,
Thy passed through a belt of pifions. Jim stooped and raised
a bough that would have struck her head. ‘You must kiss
me for that,” he said. She turned, but only empty air met
her caress. Again she started up and saw things as they
