INTERLUDE. 311
church, The neighbors, after some three months, all ad-
mitted that the Hammins were doing well; but they—for-
getting that Maggie had made her husband worthy of respect
—regretted that a woman of doubtful character should have
married so well. Gus and Kid supplied themselves with
revolvers, and announced that if they did not take care of
themselves and their stock, and withstand the aggressions
of the Circle Bar men, it would be because they were not
capable of doing so.
About three months after Jim’s death everything was in
order. Mary made a will with Daniel Hopkins and Joshua
Hogan as witnesses, She left all her property to Iola, with
the exception of a small legacy to Bella Martin, and another
to poor Emma Chase, who all this time was loyal to her, and
who was crying herself into endless headaches because she
suspected her father as a murderer.
Mary made arrangements for Iola to board with the Mar-
tins a year; at the expiration of that time Gus Waite would
have attained his majority, and then, if the two young people
remained in their present frame of mind, they were to be
married. Iola and the piano were consequently taken to the
Martins’. Maggie was left at the Bar Eleven to keep house
for the three men. Mary spent a few days with the Hogans,
earnestly talking over her plans. Then she returned to the
home of her Aunt Sallie in Indiana. It was long before the
neighbors on Trelawna heard anything of her.
CHAPTER XXXIxX.
INTERLUDE,
Do we.ever calculate the amount of force required for hero-
ism! Do we place before our eyes the chances there are for
resolution to weaken, for discouragement to invade, for fear
to baffle, for difficulty to retard, and for custom to defy ?
Do we think of the pleasures that must be forgone, the
delights that must be eschewed, the rest that must be aban-
doned, the toils that must be undergone, the burdens that must
be lifted, the pain that will bring anguished cries ?
We bow before the result, but do we sympathize with the
labor? We have read the story, but we have not endured
the horrors of the wretches who screamed in the well at
