814 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
ence does not ask how long was required for that lady to
acquire such mastery of declamation; it is enough that she
spossesses it and favors them with it. It is not asked just
how, when and where these arts, graces and perfections were
acquired until after the play is done. If the play pleases
us, we will make inquiries concerning those things after it is
over,
Mary Madnau ‘was at the time of her husband’s death an
expert horsewoman, and was clever with a revolver. She
went from Trelawna to Indiana. _ Her trip there was more
than aught else a trick. Her mind was now so troubled that
she little cared to see even the relatives she loved; but from
there she could go where she liked, unknown to any of the
Trelawna people. She remained with her relatives but two
days. Feverish to be in action, quiet was torment. She
bought a ticket for a large town near, where she was un-
known. Here, unknown to any one—her relatives believed
she intended to travel for a time—she succeeded in changing
her apparel and identity, and slipping away in the disguise of
aman. She believed that her secret would be safer if she
shared it with no one. Although she had told her sister and
the Hogans something of her expectations, she had noé
given them minute particulars.
‘Trembling at the thousand risks she must run. She pro-
ceeded to New Mexico and sought employment on a cattle
ranche,
Sh> told the ranchers to whom she applied for work just
what her capabilities were. She could ride, but was not profi-
cient with the rope. She consented to take less than the usual
wages until she became expert in all particulars, She was
engaged upon thiscondition. The society she was compelled
to mingle in was not in all instances such as would please the
faney of a refined lady. But society was not now the object
of her quest. She was, like Peter the Great in the ship-
yards of Holland, seeking information and skill. If her mind
revolted at the coarseness she sometimes heard, she gave no
sign. Her gentleness seemed, if any difference, greater than
of old. If the heat of the scorching sun or the cutting
blast of a Norther made her suffer, it was her contorted face
alone that spoke. The range upon which she rode was for-
tunately in the foothills where there was more chance for
shelter and shade than there would have been on the plains,
And as occasionally she dropped in exhaustion from her
broncho and lay half fainting in the reviving shadow of the
