334 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“What have they got that old plow plug in this race
for?” sneered Tom.
“What do you call that crowbait ?” demanded Kid of the
rider.
«Don’t call him at all; he can git thar all right without
callin’,” said the cool rider.
“What's his name then?”
“Pete.”
“Better weatherboard his ribs to protect ’em from the
weather,” said Tom.
“They can take keer of theirselves,” said the rider.
Places were assigned. Pete got third place; Thunder-
cloud sixth. There were three calls of the bell; then the
command to go. Pete raised his fore-feet in air, gavea high,
long plunge, and struck the track a full length ahead of the
leader. Then and there all was decided. Thundercloud
also sprang forward. Ambitious and persevering, he did his
best ; he trailed Pete close, but the fight was lost. Amid
wild cheers from the conservative few who had risked noth-
ing, and the initiated who had banked on the plug, and the
bitter lamentations of the ill-judging many who had risked
their money upon different ones of the losing ten, Pete flew
over the home stretch at least three lengths ahead of Thun-
dercloud and six ahead of the foremost of the remaining nine.
As usual the unknown horse had taken the prize. Pete was
an old and experienced race-horse that had been used of late
as a cow-horse in a distant part of the county, his disguise
pst on for the sake of deceiving the unwary. Kid had lost
jis saddle. Tom Samp was beggared. Jere Herron had
won forty dollars from Kid; he was even with Tom Samp};
with other parties he had sunk nearly all the returns for his
twelve steers. Kid was filled with bitterness ; he knew now,
that he had been cheated out of the race ; for all professional
race-horses had been barred from the cow-pony contest.
But it was too late. He dismounted, patted Thundercloud’s
shoulder, blanketed him, and started to lead him out of the
ting. Just as he passed the space directly in front of the
grand stand, Tom Samp stepped forward, maddened with his
losses and angry at his defeat. His face was white, his eyes
like coals. He doubled his fist, struck the beast a fierce
blow in the ribs, and exclaimed angrily:
“You cayuse, you!”
It may be that Kid had been shaken well-nigh to powder
by Thundercloud’s long, hard jumps. At any rate he went


