EXPERIENCES OF AN OFFENDER, 337
' CHAPTER XLIV.
EXPERIENCES OF AN OFFENDER.
‘Wuen Kid was marched away from the race track he felt
upon his collar the tension of a mighty hand. It was the
grasp of the law. Kid realized at the time that he was held
in the thrall of a mighty power, but not until later did he
understand the full extent of its offended dignity. Tom
Samp swore out a warrant against him for “assault with a
deadly weapon with intent to do bodily injury.” He em-
ployed an attorney, called the trial for the next day, and
prepared to make times lively forKid. Now the short-sighted
reader may not at once perceive the deadly weapon. The
deadly weapon was Kid’s glove. With it he had struck ‘Tom
in the face during the encounter. The reader may next in-
sist that the glove was not a deadly weapon; but that is
only because he is not acquainted with the resources of law.
Tom swore that the glove was loaded; that is, that Kid had,
revious to the misunderstanding, stuffed the thumb and
Bngers full of shot, nails, railroad spikes, machine-shop
waste, slag or some other such matter. The law bristled
with indignation until it well-nigh burst its standing collar
at thought of a youth who could putso much metal, deviltry
and evil intent into one small glove.
Kid had employed no attorney. He looked into the dim
future and foresaw himself sufficiently plucked by the law,
without the aid of the hand ofa hungry lawyer in his pocket.
So Kid was conducting his own defense. He was very pale,
but very resolute. He fully realized that the august person-
age whom he addressed was a justice of the peace, and he
tempered his respect accordingly. He humbly requested
that Tom be asked to show the extent of the bodily injury
he had sustained. Tom could show none save a dusty coat
back and a red eye. Then the justice did a magnanimous
thing. He dismissed Kid on the charge of “assault with a
deadly weapon with intent to do bodily injury,” but held
him on the charge of assault and battery, and directed Tom
to swear out a new complaint.
Now Kid to this day declares that this is oue of the pecul-
iarities of a justice’s court in Colorado. He declares that if
