EXPERIENCES OF AN OFFENDER. 341
men, and thus the debt was a mortgage upon the earnings
of the future.
Now the person disturbed was Miss Amarantha Silvana
Huskers. Miss Huskers was Tom Samp’s love. She was
one of those ladies who are celebrated for their size. She
was not so tall as Ike Bane, but she was taller than Tom.
But it was not so much her height as her breadth that at-
tracted notice. She was not broadly educated, in the strictest
sense, but she was broad. Her shiny red face, her fat, creasy
arms, her infantile smile, her gray-brown eyes wabbling about
in a sea of red flesh, her squat figure and broad feet, marked
her as of unusual appearance, whatever might be said of her
attractiveness. Now this lady had a character. Rumor an-
nounced that it was a doubtful one, and not even Miss
Amarantha’s best friends could deny that the lady was ex-
ceedingly approachable. But Miss Amarantha was different
from Maggie Henderson Hammin. Maggie was always
ready to admit with hanging head, when questioned, that
considering her past life she had no room to talk about any
woman. But Miss Amarantha Silvana not only volubly
swore to her own whiteness upon every possible occasion,
but was a perfect cyclone of condemnation to other unsteady
females, She often stated that she considered Maggie “jest
beneath her notice,” and even occasionally expressed the
opinion that that lady ought to be struck by lightning !
Now Miss Amarantha was much displeased that Tom
should lose all his past savings, as well as forty-five dollars
of his future prospects. There were reasons for this. Miss
Amarantha, after many years’ effort to bestow her not in-
considerable personality permanently upon some one, had
succeeded in becoming engaged to Tom. Now Tom, not-
withstanding his occasional visits to the questionable ladies
of Milroy City, was very anxious to wed a virtuous wife;
the fact then, that he was seldom sober long enough to take
into serious consideration the little reports concerning Miss
Amarantha was matter of great moment to that lady. Now
Miss Amarantha, in addition to great anger that any one
should presume to pummel her beloved, was grieved at the
latter’s state of pecuniary embarrassment, because the wed-
ding would probably be thereby delayed. Now the lady
well knew that delays are dangerous. For who could say,
that in the unwedded interval, some hint of the truth might
reach Tom, and cause him to change his mind? And then
that silk dress she so much desired could have been pur
