THE HISTORY OF A DAY. 355
missed his gloom and began to sing the Spanish air, Buena
Sefiorita. Lancaster called after him, saying in a bantering
tone:
“Say, Mose, are you and Harry going to cross Aspen?”
“Yes ;” answered Mose.
“Well, you’d better look out ; you know there’s some girls
living two miles below the ford; you’re liable to get sight
of them; better take a club along, hadu’t you ? ”
“Ym liable to bring one back ;” said Mose with outward
gayety as he and Harry galloped off.
“Law, if he would get started after the girls, wouldn’t he
be a terror? ” said Jennings.
“ He’s too much in love with himself to care for the girls,”
said the half jealous Lancaster, who, in spite of his admira-
tion for Mose, could not but perceive his own inferiority.
“But he owns up to bein’ left by a girl;” said Jennings.
“Well, let him learn to pay his account off to some other
woman; ha! ha! ha!” said Lancaster.
Mose and Harry galloped along, talking easily and good-
naturedly. Mose had regained composure and self-control ;
only his lack of color betrayed his disturbed spirit. Harry
was patronizing him in his usual snobbish manner. They
passed the borders of Gray’s Park and came to the shallow
ford near the head of Aspen Creek. Harry Talbert was
riding ahead, whistling. As they climbed the steep bank
Mose reached forward and seized his companion’s revolver
from its pocket; he raised it in his hand, and turning, threw
it far down, into a deep, still little pool that stood below,
backed up by a thick slanting ledge of granite.
«What's that ?” demanded Harry, turning his horse at
the sound of the splash.
«Tes your artillery,” said Mose with awful coolness.
«Well, you've played ——! ” furiously retorted Harry, as he
saw the empty pouch hanging at his side. Then he made a
wild dash at Mose. With a low, derisive laugh, Mose held
up a revolver. .
“Stand back,” he said. “Get off that horse and tie him
to a pifion.”
«“ What the 2g the matter with you, Mose Jones?”
«Do as T tell you!” But the order was not obeyed. The
aking wretch, his mind teeming with visions of wild New
Mexican, disguised robber fiends, drove his spurs into his
horse’s sides and urged him to a run.
“ Stop!” shrieked a voice in his ear, for Mose was beside


