360 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
found Lancaster and Ike Bane in camp, as she expected to
do, she would be dead in less than ten minutes after her
arrival there, for she was resolved never to be taken alive,
and she had no desire to escape. And what would she learn
when she explored the dread mystery? In her soul flight
would she encounter the spirits of those she had destroyed ?
Would Jim, with the glorified smile she had seen upon his
face in visions, stand upon the threshold ready to welcome
her, and show her the delights of heaven? Would she see
the father and mother who were but shadowy memories ?
What would death be like? As the sights and sounds and
impressions of earth receded forever, would strains of music
usher her into other spheres of action? Would there be
rustling wings, and faces bearing the impress of eternal
peace ? Would the wronged, the down-trodden, the weary,
the wounded, the slandered, the despoiled, have their wrongs
righted there? Would there be any shut out and wailing ?
Her one prayer, as these thoughts traversed her mind, was
that whether Jim were in oblivion, in woe, or in bliss, she
might be with him. For without him heaven would be des-
olation, and with him Hell would be tolerable. Hell?
She had realized that already. Could it be possible that
there was another? She smiled at thought of it. Was it
possible that God could pursue forever those of his children
Who through ignorance and blindness had transgressed his
laws ?
She was calmer than she could have expected to be. The
natural horror that would otherwise have taken possession
of her was scattering under a sense of justice. The more
she weighed the matter, the more thoroughly she was con-
vinced of the right of her cause. The calm that had at first
been dispelled by the sight of blood of her own hand’s shed-
ding, came, partially at least, back to her mind. She rode
on, wondering what effect the death of the two Talberts
would have on their family. She wondered whether their
mother would still give such grand receptions, and whether
their sister, Miss Angy, would still wear such magnificent
costumes as to hopelessly bother the reporter of the Milroy
Copy Hook, Something had come to her ear just after her
bereavement. It was the knowledge of a very select and
small high tea which Miss Angy had given just after Jim
Madnav’s funeral. At this party Miss Angy had announced
that although her brothers had had nothing to do with the
punishing of their enemy, that she for one was heartily glad
