362 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
deepened until its chill breath caused the fire to be ap-
reciated. Lat kept piling on huge pieces of pitch pine.
‘he cloud was a dark one, and the firelight played on the
fireman’s face, lighting it up and increasing its comeliness.
His black eyes sparkled as he saw Mose approaching. He
waved his hat and Mose answered. A large herd had been
gathered. Jere Herron, one of the Circle Bar men, and an
Aspen Creek owner were holding them. Mose rode slowly
past them up to the mess. He paused some ten paces from
the edge of the group. The men were ina state of abandon-
ment. They were in high spirits, for the year had been a
prosperous one. Most of them had arms, but none were
taking any heed of them. Talbert, perhaps because he feared
exposing a revolver would detract from his dignity as a citi-
zen, had his weapon well concealed.
Mary, in spite of her calm, was very pale. Not even her
well-earned coat of tan could hide her ghastliness.
“Hello, Mose! Didn’t you find anything ? ” asked Hank
Sands.
“No, not much of anything. Something has happened.”
“You look like you had seen a ghost,” said Bill Cof-
froth.
“Guess I have, pretty near. The two Talbert boys are
lying dead out on the range.”
“Who? What?” the men began to shriek as they
leaped to their feet. This movement was in Mary’s favor.
In an instant her reins were round her neck and her two re-
volvers in her hands.
“Throw up your hands, every man, or you die!” she said
in a voice so full of confidence and command that every man
obeyed. O, what cowards we are in the face of death! The
men who were holding the cattle were too far away to hear.
She had only the group before her with which to do battle.
“Now!” she said in awful calmness, “I shall shoot any
man who moves. Ike Bane, I have heard you express re-
gret for the part you had in the murder of Jim Madnau.
You are in many ways a good man, but I must give youa
broken arm to remind you of the mistake you made then.
I am Mary Madnau.”
“O, Mrs. Madnau, kill me, kill me!” pleaded Ike as he
saw the truth. “I’m a——murderin’ villain, Kill me
and then T’ll quit hearin’ that cussed bullet hit Jim!”
She did not answer, but turned away from him without
firing. Stanley Lancaster had started to run. Spurring

