372 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
Consent was at last reluctantly given. Emma became an
inmate of the Chellis mansion, the trusted daughter of its
master, and in reading to him she greatly improved her
mind and dissipated her gloom.
On a sunny Sunday morning in May an equestrian party
of four were threading the canon. ‘They were Gus and Iola,
Kid and Bella. The men looked less boyish than of old.
Both had grown; neither were handsome, but both looked
sufficiently noble and manly to induce the onlookers to will-
ingly dispense with beauty in these instances. Bella was
more womanly; Iola’s beauty was softened by a touch of
melancholy.
As they rode along at a slow pace the men were throwing
up their broad hats and catching them again, meanwhile
singing in vigorous tones that made the canon echo again.
THE KNIGHTS OF THE RIATA.
Let the romancing bard sing the bold, fearless knight,
‘As he lifted his sword in the sham or real fight;
e dared the proud foe who molested his king,
Or shattered his lance in the tourney’s grand ring.
‘The knights of riata, of bridle and spur,
‘Are as brave and as fearless as any armed sir;
‘We shrink not from death on the lonely frontier,
‘When our presence is needed in battle-front drear.
We know where the savage in ambush waits prey,
And where his dark children with winged arrows play;
‘We know all the haunts of the prey-hunting beast;
We know where the pumas on bleeding flesh feast,
‘And think not, who question, our work is all play;
‘We serve not alone on the sunshiny day;
‘We must wrestle with storm, and with snow, and with sleet,
Nor ask if such service be bitter or sweet.
We must bear with the dust and the heat of the p
And he is called weakling who groans and complains.
‘We must gallop untiring o'er steep rocky hills,
And yield not a murmur at fortune’s gross ills.
And think not the evil that curses a part,
Doth hopelessly stain every vaquero heart;
For close by the evil, the noble and brave
Stand ready to guard, to protect, and to save,
‘Then let the bards sing the brave knights of old days—
‘We honor the hand that the long lasso sways;
‘We are proved one of steady advancement’s great powers,
And the souls of those knights were no whiter than ours,

