250 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
swindle every lover I had out of every dollar I could get,
spend my time improving my mind and travelling, and live
in idleness and luxury. I might be criminal, but servile
Td never be.”
“0O Kid,” said Hen, “I’d be sorry to see the women do
like that, no matter how much the nation underrates ’em.
In my mind good mothers is the nation’s only hope.”
“The nation! Tell me what the women owe the nation ?
The nation don’t value them above the coyotes in these
hills! Its constitution even accords them the silent con-
tempt it bestows on the brutes. They haven’t a voice to pro-
test if the men should vote to exterminate them all. Look
how during the late war the noblest and best women of*the
nation slaved for the nation. Thousands of them stayed at
home, put in the crops, spun and wove, knit and sewed, did
their own work and the men’s work too, putting themselves
uncomplainingly to the meanest drudgery. Others got up
fairs to raise money ; others went to the front, risking their
lives as spies, nursing the sick, gathering the wounded out
of the battle trench, washing stiffened, clotted blood from
the wounds of those they hoped to save to still further serve
the nation, toiling in a burning climate under only a canvas
screen, breathing the effluvia of fever and small-pox, singing
to cheer hearts breaking under the anguish of war’s despair,
writing the last words to the feeble father and mother in the
far distant home, catching the last prayers of the dying and
composing the rigid forms of the dead. And ever since that
fearful time the women who were then at the front—the very
women who served most faithfully then—have been asking
the nation they served to give them the citizenship it
extended to the blacks. And what have they received but
ridicule and refusal and scorn? The nation has continually
bade them, when it noticed them at all, go back to their
homes and attend to their domestic duties. The chief em-
ployment of every tyrant in every age has been to dictate
what was best for somebody else to do. Although the nation
gives woman nothing but the home, it will not even enact
laws to make that home decent and pure and happy. Let us
quit considering the outcome to the nation should the
women turn against it, and try to find a reason why they
should not turn against it. Now when a woman can find a
man that’s willing for her to have decent rights and protect
tion, I say she owes him allegiance. But why she owes any-
thing to the nation that taxes her without her consent, treats
