AT THE CIRCLE BAR. 229
very high but unintended compliment. The romantic Mary,
the imaginative Bella and the novelty-loving Iola were in
the highest realms of bliss; but the Chases were not quite
happy. They had thought all along it would be “nicer” for
the men to dress up; so they waived the companionship of
the vaqueros as much as possible and sought the smiles and
attentions of Clyde and Harry ‘Talbert. ‘The violins began
to play. Jim led Mary, Kid selected Bella, Gus Waite chose
Iola, Lat Jennings escorted Emma Chase, and the first set
was formed. Texas Ike and Sarah Chase, Penobscot Bill
and one of the Aspen Creek girls, Stanley Lancaster and
Lucy Chase, and the Herrons, made up the second. The
Talberts had brought no partners and so of course could not
dance in the first quadrilles. The merriment rose high.
The rough, though picturesque attire of the men, contrasted
oddly with the splendid costumes of the ladies. Mr. Lat
Jennings was so happy that in swinging the ladies he
became so demonstrative that Iola requested Gus Waite to
tell him that his presence was much needed in the lunatic
asylum. Gus, not grasping the idea that she was jesting,
employed his long legs to cross the set and his brevity of
speech to give the message to Lat. Lat informed Gus with
avisible shortening of his upper lip that no one but a girl
would dare to talk so to him. Gus requested Lat to step out
of the house as soon as the quadrille was done; he then
returned to the much disturbed Iola, who was already
repenting her hasty speech; she was fond of novelty but she
did not want a battle fought on her account. Lat however
was so engrossed with Emma Chase that he forgot to step
out and hunt up the warlike Gus. Iola frantically begged
her partner to never so take her at her word again, and the
young and inexperienced Gus consented.
Mary danced with Texas Ike, with her old lover Stanley,
with Penobscot Bill, with Lat Jennings, who tried hard by
his thousand gracefulnesses to bring her to repentance for
her marriage with Jim ; and presently with Gus Waite, who
flourished his long legs so vociferorsly that he caught his spur
in her long lace over dress, She hastened as soon as she was
free to the curtained retreat to loop up the lace, and by
making it shorter save it from spur rents. While all alone
here, engaged in the adjustment of her dress, standing close
to the rough wall, she caught the sound of two voices out-
side, One was that of Texas Ike; he was saying in deep
distressed tones :
