46 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
tired of my questions and sends me back to camp, as he’s
likely to do inside of an hour, I won’t be gone so long as I
will if he endures the ordeal till sundown.”
«“ But Mary, we must be home before sundown. We must
be home by five o’clock,” said the old lady.
“ Very well, I see Mr. Madnau has a watch. I'll start for
camp at half-past three. Good-bye.”
“Can you stay in the saddle if we put ’em to a gallop ?”
asked Jim as they turned away from the group.
“J will stay in the saddle, never fear; get up, Kate.” She
maintained her seat very well, for the marc’s gait was easy
and natural.
“ Oh, isn’t she nice!” exclaimed the rider to her pleased
escort. “I’m in love with her.”
“ Yes, she’s a nice saddle nag, but you’ve got to watch
her. Now if she takes after a cow brute, she’ll make every
turn that it does, and she'll make it quick as lightnin’,
too. Then’s when it’s hard to stay with her.”
“ Will she get after the cattle this afternoon ?—even if I
don’t tell her to ?”
“ Well, if they make a break and she’s close to the leaders,
she’ll start to head ’em off. You see she’s a trained cow
horse. If you’d start her up a little, and she’d see a cow
runnin,’ she’d take after her and run her into the herd yonder.
That’s why I’ve been warnin’ you.”
“ Well, I hope she won’t throw me. I wouldn’t be afraid
if I had aside saddle,”
“ Tf she starts off, just bear down on the stirrup and catch
hold of that string there.”
“ She seems a little awkward about the bit.”
“No wonder, she isn’t used to bein’ reined that way.
Rein her by the neck—this way—just lay the reins over her
neck, press in the direction you want her to turn. All cow
horses are used to bein’ reined by the neck.”
“Why I never heard of such a thing—never in my life.
Why do they do it 2?”
“ Well, when a man just uses one hand, he can manage
the neck reinin’ easier than the bit. A cowman wants his
right hand free for the quirt or the snubbin’ rope.”
“ Oh, what are those ?”
“ This short thick whip is a quirt, this coil of rope hangin’
to the horn of my saddle is a snubbin’ rope, riata or lasso,
which ever you want to call it.”
* And what is the snubbing rope for ?
