GLOOM. 369
submit to our rule or weakly scold at our sway; and scorn
those that consent to be our victims. And they train us
thus—one sex to be foul tyrants and the other to be con-
temptible dupes—and then they actually yoke us in pairs
and ask us to pull along together! Ha! ha! ha! And we
trudge along, scheming knaves on the one hand, and servile
fools on the other, the first despisin’, the second ‘secretly
hatin’! And all this in the name of love! 0, we despise
many things; but most of all we despise the creature we
have learned to dupe! It’s the result of our nature to love
women, and it’s the result of our trainin’ and theirs, for us
to pursue ’em forever and never be satisfied. O, sometimes
I think, if I could, I’d destroy ’em all. They tantalize me
with their beauty, and when I devour ’em, I find ’em insipid
and sweet and tasteless, like a summer apple that is show
to the eye, dead sweet to the taste, that disgusts by its lack
of flavor, and lays heavy on the stomach, and angers us be-
cause we have eaten it. I say if women are to satisfy men,
they must be trained more like ’em—must be their mind
companions and heart companions at the same time. The
charm of sex will be there still. That will never die. I
have loved dozens of women, but I’d have given every iota
of their combined love for one caress—one sign of weakenin’
—one hour’s undoubted favor—from one woman who was
all courage, independence, vivacity and charm. I tell you,
Ike Bane, I’m mad when I think of her. When I realize
that she’s no longer on earth, I’m wild because I didn’t
risk everything. And yet, what good would it have done?
She always scorned me. And I used to prefer her ridicule
to her indifference. O, how I hate the system that trained
this fever in me! Why could I not have been compelled to
school myself to reason and self-command? Why could I
not have been compelled to take my first? She, unless God
was kinder to her than either I or the law, is shriekin’ in
hell! And yet we men, blind fools, forever standin’ in our
own light, make the system we learn to curse. We deny to
the utmost of our power the privileges that would make wo-
man intelligent, charmin’, and self-protectin’, We yield’ em
no advance until they have wrung it from us by the most
stubborn fighting. When we marry ’em we demand that
they drop everything but idle society and household drudg-
ery, and thus we prepare ’em to receive our scorn. I’ve seen
whole months when I never looked at a pretty woman and
honored her with a cleanly thought. I couldn’t conceive
