SOMETHING NEW. 147
spat long and vigorously. He turned and found upon
Mary’s face no diminution of her contempt. This would
never do. One of the ladies was in the hands of the foreign
element and the other disgusted and angry.
“You mustn’t think I’m too bad a chap,” he said. “I
never was in many such scrapes—not like some men—and
Tve quit ’em altogether now. And I know I’m honestly
sorry for all the harm I ever did. Now one thing in particu-
lar, I’ve grieved lots about,” and here Lat sunk into a
pathetic, confidential undertone—“it’s this. When I was in
the Territory, I done something, that I didn’t mean to do at
all, but it grieves me all the same. I got a young Indian
girl dead in love with me, and I don’t know how I ever done
it, fer I didn’t try to, I’ll swear. She was the beauty of her
tribe and she offered to leave her people and go away and
marry me.” And as he concluded, his voice fell softly as
with a suggestion of tears.
“Why didn’t you marry her?” asked Mary.
«Well,” said Lat as he squared himself in his chair; “I
didn’t want to do anything that would bring disgrace on the
Jennings family.”
“ Disgrace ?”
“ Yes ; you see, our family holds their heads high. They
wouldn’t have liked it,’ and Mr. Jennings sighed pro-
foundly.
“Then tell widow Judkins to comb out her crimps;
She ain’t the widow for me.
The widow Maguire I’m courting like fire,
She’s a dainty, sweet, pretty lade,”
sang Kid in tones that told his bashfulness was gone for the
present at least. Iola and Gus applauded; Mary went to
the piano to join in the fun, and Lat and Bill were left to
form a mutual admiration society.
“Do you sing, Mr. Jennings? We always ask every one
to help entertain.”
“TI sing once in a while,” said Lat.
“Well, the others have been singing. Favor us with
something, please.”
“ Well, I'll do my best.”
“Shall I accompany you?”
“Well, I’m not used to that, now. At home my sister,
one of ’em, would play the piano and I’d sing; but I’ve been
away from home so much that I’ve got used to singing by
myself.” ‘Lat then tuned up. He sang a long ditty con-
