SWEET RECREATION. 249
that party was good enough for him it’s good enough for me.
I don’t expect to be anything but a Browbeater while I live,
unless the party tackles this d—d woman question.”
“Yes, you’re a hell of a Browbeater,” roared Hen. “ It’s
the only good trait you’ve got, and you disgrace that so that
tain’t no fonger acredit. Your father riz up and tackled the
evil his generation was called on to fight, and it would be
an indication of horse sense in you if you’d do the same.
But you won’t do that. You’ll hang onto your father’s coat
tails and try to inherit his glory, instead of gittin’ out and
rustlin’ some for yourself like he did. You'll leave the party
as soon as it calls on you to give up any of your cussedness,
and that ’ll be the biggest run of luck itever had. It’s been
settlin’ up other people’s faults so far and lettin’ yours alone.
If you’d been old enough to hold slaves ’fore the war and
could a stole money to buy ’em, you'd a had some, and you’d
aheld on to’em jest as you're holdin’ on to your right to abuse
and kick the women now. Some party is goin’ to right
things for the women one of these days, and after it’s done
that, it’s goin’ to be the popular party and run the range to
suit itself for a while; and the ones that’s been fightin’
women and decency will have to light out for the ravines
amongst the hills. ‘Them that’s goin’ to be on the popular
side for the next forty years might as well be collectin’
together and gittin’ ready to go onto the trail.”
“You three fellers are gittin’ mightily stuck on the cause
of the women all at.once. I wouldn’t espouse the cause of
such a set,” said Lat.
“No, by Jacks,” said Bill.
“I don’t go in for no woman equality,” said Charlie, “but
T’d like ’em to have more spirit so the men could have more
fun with ’em.”
“You fellows,” continued Lat, “were talking the other
day like every prostitute was a saint at heart, and like some
man was to blame for her state. Now I know that thousands
of those women go wrong of their own free will.”
“Gosh H—I!” shrieked Kid. “Didn’t you go wrong of
your own free will? Haven’t the women a right to do as
you do? I know the majority of them go wrong from being
tricked and deceived; but if every woman in the United
States went wrong of her own free will there’d be mighty
few men have room to raise a row. I tell you the way things
are now, if I was a woman, I’d go wrong; I’d refuse to doa
lick of work for my support, make all the money I could,
