218 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
to be held at the Circle Bar on the coming Friday. The Circle
Bar could not offer a very large number of comforts, but it
would overflow with hospitality. Jim, knowing one of Texas
Ike’s weaknesses, took him aside and informed him that
whiskey was not appreciated by the ladies of his family.
Ike assured Jim that there would consequently beno whiskey
at the ball.
And should the gentlemen wear their store clothes, or all
come in their colored shirts, chaps and spurs ?
“The colored shirts, chaps and spurs, by all means; and
we ladies will dress in our best as a contrast!” exclaimed
Mary.
1 mone we'll all take something nice for supper,” exclaimed
Bella.
“ Will the men wear their revolvers ?” asked Sarah Chase,
who was mortally afraid even of an empty cartridge belt.
“O, yes, let them wear them, but have it understood that
none of them are loaded,” said the romance-loving Mary.
I “And the men must dance with their big hats on,” said
ola,
The gentlemen acceded to these terms and the company
story began. When it was concluded it was so esteemed that
the crowd, declaring it should not be lost, voted that Mary set
it to rhyme, During the next few days she did so and the
story is thus presented. The only obstacle tothe full enjoy-
ment of all was the conduct of Mr. Lat Jennings. It would
of course be supposed that a creature of so ready an imagina-
tion would have found his chief glory in such an opportunity
for imaginative play ; but life is full of surprises. When Mr.
Jennings’s turn came, for some mysterious reason, perhaps
because the character of the hero did not please him, he utterly
refused to relate. It was of no use to try to move him. Mary
suggested that he work in one of the charming romances of
which he seemed to possess so many. But all was useless.
Mr. Jennings drew up his short lip and sat silent, while the
story was continued by others.
It was decided that since the narrating party were better
informed upon cowboys than upon any other class, the hero
should be a cowboy. ‘The scene must of course be that land
of mountain, hill, cave, and romance, Colorado. It having
been agreed that a wildand mysterious cave be the immedi
ate arena, the story proceeded.
