288 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
pluck for howling, and the result was perceptible. Now Mr.
Witherby, having against these gentlemen no personal
grudge whatever, still was of the opinion that their wanting
to hang a man who had been so well educated in govern-
ment institutions, was in bad taste. In pursuance of this
theory he broke his iron bedstead to pieces, and seizing a
portion thereof belabored his assailants therewith. A gentle-
man who is celebrated among his friends for keeping still
until the arrival of a crisis, sent a pistol ball into Mr.
Witherby’s shoulder as an argument against the use of the
iron railing. The crowd then pinioned the offender and
started in search of a telephone pole. Mr. Witherby had his
doubts as to the future ; he had heard considerable concern-
ing eternal punishment, and he had suspicions that for all
the good he could parade as a reason for its setting-aside in
his case, he might realize it to the full. But he consoled
himself with the knowledge that he would in all probability
be avenged. The saloons and dance-houses were still flour
ishing; and might not their efficient graduates arise and slay
for the sake of their economy-preserved wealth, the well-
meaning cits who were performing the telephone pole
tragedy ?
Now what exasperated Hen Hall was this: Mr. Jennings
undertook in a private conversation with him to pose as one
of the individuals who had been hit with the iron railing.
He set forth that he had been badly hurt. He was just able
to work and that was all. The railing had alighted upon his
shoulder in the immediate region of the bird-shot deposit,
and had inflicted a very painful though not fatal wound.
But Hen must not tell any one—he would get Mr. Jennings
into trouble with the grand jury if he did.
Emma Chase went home about three o’clock; after she had
gone Hen told Iola of Jennings’s absurd pretensions.
Hen sat in the door looking dreamily out to the eastward
for half an hour. Then without suspecting that his life trag-
edy was at hand went out to the work he had set for the
afternoon.
‘There was a range colt to be broken to the saddle. Jim
had insisted upon either doing this himself or employing one
of the younger men ; but Hen was confident ; the animal had
been broken to lead but was still wild and vicious. With
great difficulty Hen saddled him, and after this led him about
for a time. He presently ventured into the saddle. The
animal started at a mad gallop round the field; Hen had him
