254 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
antly because they can not find them. They would be in-
ferior to home-reared children in individuality ; and in all the
annals of human improvement no other trait has done so
much as this. We cannot hope that either their personal
ambition or their integrity would be equal to those of the
children trained by conscientious mothers. But this state
of society will prevail if justice is not given to women. - The
thing has got to be settled one way or the other. When
women get rid of their servility—and they are getting rid
of it—they will demand either pure marriage or freedom
from all marriage. Now, look at me for anexample. In
the state of society I speak of, I would stand no chance, I
am nota handsome man like that contemptible Jennings
yonder, yet I crave beauty and happiness as much as he pos-
sibly can. My only hope of possessing a charming woman
is in giving her time to learn to respect me for what I am,
in convincing her that ’m not quite such a coyote as some
others, and in making myself able to support her decently.
Since want her all for myself, marriage is my protection.
But simply because this is true, I don’t shut my eyes to the
certainties of the future.”
“Well,” said Gus, “the honest person who is denied citi-
zenship is denied everything. I can see no reason why the
women should consider the welfare of the nation until the
nation considers theirs a little.”
“Well,” said Hen, “I feel toward the government like I’d
a felt toward my father if he’d done wrong. I know that
nobody nor nothin’ is perfect and that we’ve all got to im-
prove by degrees. I still love the country, and knowin’ it
don’t allers do jest right makes me want to see it improve in-
stead of makin’ me hate it. By all of us gittin’ careful stations
and ridin’ for the center, we’ll git things rounded-up, and
git the range clear after while. This government may be
at fault; but after all, boys, it’s the best ’un there is, and
1 bileve its goin’ to git better. When they’s lots o’ rain in
June, you can depend on it the fall range ‘Il be good. May-
be the tears that’s bein’ shed by so many poor sufferin’
critters now will cause crops of blessedness and security to
spring up one of these days.”



