PROGRESS. 53
“Very well. Now, John.”
“T have learned that Christopher Columbus, sailing under
orders from Isabella of Castile, discovered America, in the
year one thousand four hundred, ninety-two, The continent
ad previously been discovered by the Northmen.”
“That is right. Willie, keep very quiet; we all want to
hear. Now, Kate.”
“Yve learned that the square drawn on the hypothenuse
of aright-angled triangle, equals the sum of the squares drawn
on the other two sides.”
“Correct. Now, Willie.”
“W’y, the old hen ma set, mashed all her aigs and then
runned off.”
“Well, I wouldn’t tell that in school, Willie. There
children, we’ve laughed enough now ; let’s get quiet. Ella?”
“T have learned that the Earth is a great magnet; that
it has a north and a south magnetic pole, and that these
poles are not the same as the other poles.”
“That is true. You will learn to state it better as you
get better command of words. Now, which one of the first
reader pupils can tell me the motto for his class? Well,
Willie ?”
“ Keop on trying.”
“That is right. Now, the motto for the fifth reader grade,
John.”
“Do not blush because your opportunities have been
poor ; blush if you have failed to improve them.”
“ Now the third reader motto, Maggie?”
“Measure the day by what has been done.”
“That is right. Now the fourth reader; Minnie?”
“We rise by the things put under our feet.”
“Qonrect, “Now the second reader, Henry ?”
“We will make a noble effort.”
“Very well. Now all in concert give the motto for the
whole school.”
“Look aloft!” camo in a ringing shout.
“Very well. Books, Monitors.” Then came an inter-
val of hurrying preparation. “First division rise—pass
out. Second division rise—pass out.” She followed to the
door to give a note to Maggie Haskins. Then she returned,
and sat down to look over some copy books. The pleased
look still mantled her face. The reason of the continuance
of the smile, was the presence in her pocket of a little note
from Mrs, Jere Herron, asking her to accompany herself and
