170 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
rushed out of a kitchen door and pelted him with raw po-
tatoes, round and huge. He had afterward “got even” with
the girl by making her acquaintance and breaking her
heart. Mr. Lancaster then related how he had left a large
number of girls sore hearted. Mr. Jennings then related
the story of the young Indian girl, who for his sake had
offered to desert her tribe and the home of her fathers, and
come and dwell amid the boiled cabbage and rag carpets of
the pale face. But on this occasion he had intended to
break the girl’s heart; her old red-skinned father had tried
to beat Mr. Jennings on a horse trade, and of course he must
have vengeance. Whenever people tried to get round him
he just up and showed ’em who they were fooling with. He
camped right on their trail till he got even with ’em, or
ahead, generally ahead.
And then Mr. Lancaster smoothed his long blonde mus-
tache both ways and wound the ends round his fingers and
laughed his long, smooth little laugh, and looked out over
the parks and down the valley till his eyes gazing nearer
looked across the field and fixed themselves on Madnau’s
house. Mr. Jennings’s eyes rested there a moment also,
Mr. Lancaster again gave vent to his little laugh, but there
were traces of nervousness in it; it was less liquid and
flowing than it had been in the old time. He gave Mr.
Jennings good day and rode toward the hills.
Mary treated Lat with great courtesy during the week
following the breakfast-table episode. He decided that her
anger arose because she herself had not been the fortunate
lady who received the kisses heretofore mentioned. He
therefore resolved to tell no more love stories for a time.
He would sing, and would tell stories of adventure, for all
women love bravery. It may as well be admitted that Lat
was giving much of his time to thoughts of Mary. He had
never allowed such a trifle as the fact of an admired woman
being married to stand between him and his courtship.
Then Mary did not receive his attention so favorably as his
lady friends usually did. She was the game difficult to hunt
that so fascinates the practiced hunter. Whenever he con-
gratulated himself that he was progressing, she took one of
her tantrums. Sometimes he doubted if she knew he admired
her or even cared. Sometimes he even thought she was
content with that Jim Madnau! The idea, anyhow, of a
woman marrying such a man, when such a chap as himself
would be along in a few months!
