THE MYSTERIES OF COWBOYISM. 44
do any time, that crick ’ud fill that low place up to the top
and we'd all git drownded. Then there’s ’rethmatic——”
“Why, do those storms happen often? Storms that
would make a flood of this little creek ?”
“ Yes, liable to happen any time. I’ve heered this crick
roar when I was over on Trelawna. But then, as I was say-
in’ about kids learnin’ to figger——”
“Why, if you were on Trelawna Creek, I’d think its roar
would have drowned the sound of this creek.”
“But Trelawna wa’n’t roarin’. It wa’n’t flooded then.”
“Why, how could this creek be flooded and Trelawna
not ?” asked the lady, whose practical geography was that
of the plain. “It seems to me that two creeks so close to-
gether would rise simultaneously.”
“Now look over yender,” said Bill, pointing with a beef
rib to a point in a secondary range of lofty hills; “Trelawna
heads way off over in there. Now Aspen—this crick—
heads way back there on Bernalillo. Now, you see it may
be rainin’ pitchforks on the head of Aspen and sendin’ a sea
down here, when it’s good hay weather on Trelawna
And then there’s grammar that needs lookin’ after. Now
T’ve seen men that didn’t know one word from another that
was always tryin’ to herd with good society, and they
couldn’t understand why they was run off the range.”
“Yes, indeed, Mr. Coffroth. But what do the men do
when those heavy rains come ?” .
“ The cow-punchers, you mean?”
“ Why—the cowboys.”
“Why, most of ’em cusses.”
“But don’t they get wet ?”
Stanley Lancaster was tired of a middle-aged married man
monopolizing the conversation. He proposed to answer the
last question himself. He hastily untied the slicker from
the saddle on which he sat.
“Here is our protection,” he said, as he shook the gar-
ment out and handed it to Mary. “It’s aslicker. It covers
aman down to his boots. He’s all right when he has this
on. Sleeping in the rain is the worst of it. We put our
slickers over our blankets, but even then the rain finds a
way in.”
“Oh,” said Mary, “I’ve seen slickers in Indiana, but I
never saw them tied to saddles before. But J’d think you’d
take cold getting wet while you are asleep. Do you have to
sleep right on the ground ?”
