THE HISTORY OF A DAY. 361
that the world was rid of him. Her brothers would not
have soiled their hands with such a wretch; but still it was
matter for rejoicing that the triumph was accomplished.
And it was noted by all present that Miss Angy was upon
that occasion very well-dressed, and sweet-mannered, and
cheerful and low-voiced. Mary thought of this, and half
wished she had not abandoned her idea of hanging Harry.
But an instant later her face was red with shame.
“Fool that I am!” she muttered, “because it has
become my duty to kill some of my fellow-creatures, is it
humane for me to shame their remains? Is it the office of
the executioner to mutilate and buffet and disgrace the
helpless clay ? Did I start on a quest of justice, or on one
of small and contemptible spite ?”
Then she rode on, debating whether the mother who had
reared such a son as Stanley Lancaster was deserving of pity
when she was made childless. But after all, could she en-
tirely blame the mother? For all she knew, evil influences
over which she had no control might have had much to do
with moulding the son. But O, after all, could the mother
of such a man be entirely blameless? Could she not have
influenced him in childhood to love true manliness, and hate
deceit, murder and sham? And Poor Iola, and the Hogans,
and Bella, and Gus, Kid, and all her well-loved friends! Iola
had assured her long ago that the blow, when it came, would
blight her life. She hoped it might not be so. And the
two boys and Bill Hammin? Would they do well with
the stock? Only the Hogans, the two boys, and Iola knew
of her presence at the Circle Bar. Even they did not know
that the time had come. She had simply told them that she
would select her own time to the best possible advantage.
They lived in hourly dread. She had begged the two boys to
insist upon their rights, but to use all diplomacy to avoid a
conflict of any sort with the Circle Bar men. She desired to
be her own avenger.
As she neared the camp, she saw that the men were at
dinner. J.C. Talbert, Ike Bane, Griff Henry, Hank Sands,
Tom Samp, Broncho Charlie, Lat Jennings, Rocky Mountain
Bill, who was overseeing and helping Lat cook, the three
Bar Eleven men and a cowboy in their service, and at least
half a dozen others, men from Trelawna and Aspen, sat
about the fire. The savory roast beef, coffee, beans and
potatoes, suggested hunger, and the men were deeply en-
grossed. The cloud over Bernalillo had broadened and
