48 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
point and send them away for beef. They brand the calves,
and some of the owners take the poorest brutes up and feed
them during the winter.”
“ Are any of these so poor that they will have to be fed
this winter?”
“ Yes, a good many of them; there hasn’t been much rain
this summer, and feed’s mighty short. ‘There’s a red two-
year-old there by the side of that pied maverick that’s goin’
to turn up her toes pretty soon, if she isn’t looked after.”
Mary bit her lip. Stanley wouldn’t have used auch an
expression. ‘Then Madnau did not laugh, either; he did
not even mean what he said to be humorous ; he was talking
straight facts, and that was the best language he could use.
But she must learn what a maverick is.”
“ Now, what is a maverick ?” she asked, in a half-vexed
tone.
“ An unbranded brute,” answered Jim, proud of his infor-
mation.
“ Then why don’t they call them unbranded brutes instead
of that outlandish name?” Her tone was dignified, and
cold and distant now.
“ Well, it’s this way. There was a fellow down in Texas
that didn’t brand his cattle. He kept ’em in big pastures,
and he had lots of ’em.”
“ Cattle or pastures ?” with a tantalizing smile.
“Both. Well, one day he got killed, or died or some-
thing, and some fellows cut his fences and let his cattle all
out on the range. They run everywhere, and all the cow-
punchers got to calling them mavericks.”
“ But why did they call em mavericks ?”
“ Why, the fellows name was Maverick.”
“Oh, I understand. And is that one of Mr. Maverick’s
cows ?”
Jim turned a confused, worried face, in which a laugh was
struggling to the front, upon the lady.
“The man’s been dead fifteen or twenty years. You
wouldn’t expect to see one of his cows up here now, looking
as young as that, would you ?”
“N—o. Butif that one isn’t his, why isn’t it branded ?”
“Well, that’s one that was missed when it was a calf.
You see, lots of times a cow gets off in the mountains with
her calf, and stays there till after the fall round-up; some-
times she stays longer. After a while her eal gets so
it don’t care any more for her than it does for any other
