30 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
to her, She lost all her stiffness of manner, and began yolu-
bly to recite the history of her purchase, and of her discus-
sions and arguments with the agent. She bi ne a sunbeam
and flashed light that reflected from the wrinkled face of her
bent and bowed husband ; it reflected back upon Mary ; she
warmed and went on praising the machine, until the old
lady laughed 80 hard she dropped her spectacles, ‘Then she
started the machine to work and ran up long seams in a blue
flannel shirt the old lady brought out—then she explained
—then she stitched on the collar, and then put on the gath-
erer and gathered the sleeves onto the wristbands—she told
all the mysteries of the gatherer, and the old lady said she
wouldn’t have believed it—she put on the tuck marker and
tucked the bosom in magnificently artistic style—then she
paused, and used up a good deal of valuable time expatiatin
upon the virtues of the tuck marker, She then arose, anc
the old lady took her place, and while Mary counselled and
explained, she sewed in both the sleeves. Under Mary’s
directions she then adjusted the hemmer, and used it to per-
fection. The shirt was now all complete save the buttons
and button-holes. Mary gathered some bits of cloth, and
taught the old lady the use of all the attachments. She was
very quick to learn. “Law, now; if that agent had jest
talked like that, I’d_ knowed all about it, long ’go. But he
used sech big words and done all the sewin’ himself, and I
couldn’t tell nothin’ about it. I wouldn’ta neededa machine
at all if it wasn’t that my eyes was givin’ out. I’ve seen the
day no machine could beat me. But I do declare; it’s half-
past five ; I must go right out and see to supper.” And the
old lady, quite as happy over her proficiency as a child would
have been, arose smiling and radiant.
“There is a little dust in the machine, Mrs. Hopkins,”
said Mary. “If you like, I will give it a good cleaning and
oiling, and will wind you some bobbins.”
The old lady was delighted; she brought forward oil,
cloths, and thread. Then she left the room to attend to
supper, and the old man went out to do the feeding.
Mrs. Hopkins soon returned with a plate of cakes.
“T thought you could be eatin’ these while I was gettin’
supper ready,” she said.
“Thank you; but I cannot stay to supper. I told Mrs.
Hogan that I would be back.” The old lady protested, but
Mary was firm; she was determined not to make too free in
the Tich and eligible young man’s home, ‘The old lady again




