294 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.


bought her the little one I showed you, She'd lay on my arm
when I’d kneel by the bed, and stroke my face and kiss me,
and call me her savin’ angel when I knowed very well I was
her destroyin’ one. But O, how I loved them days! No
livin’ man ever said ‘wife’ prouder nor I did, not even Jim
Madnau. But it didn’t last. Some folks hunts their joy too
fast, but some waits for it too long. I done the last. I
waited too long. She didn’t live but three weeks after we
was married, She died lyin’ on my arm and lookin’ in my
face and blessin’ me, and tellin’ me to meet her and the boy
in heaven, ‘They’re runnin’ on the Lord’s greenest pastures
now, and carryin’ his brand plain and proud. And what I
want to ask you, Missus, is whether you think I'll meet ’em
there.” .
And Mary, blinded by tears, assured him that he was
worthy of eternal bliss, and was an example for thousands ;
that though thousands sin in such manner, almost none atone.
He pressed the hand she gave him, and after a time
continued :
“Missus, humanity is jest like a bunch of cattle that’s
bein’ drove out of the hills and bresh into the open. They
crowd and beller at one another, ‘and the strongest tramples
on the weakest. When they git outa little, and git their
range widened, and git out of the bresh where they can’t see
plain, they do better. And I think when humanity gits out
of the bresh of ignorance and prejudice into the open range
of reason, they'll do better.”
He sank back and closed his eyes. His breathing was
short and quick. Mary watched beside him with aching
heart and reddened eyelids.
“Missus,” he asked presently, “what time is it?”
“Tt is six,” she answered.
“Then Jim’s most likely here. If you wouldn’t mind
callin’ him, Missus. He’d most likely come in quicker if
you'd call.”
“Why, you don’t think, Mr. Hall, that there is anything
serious, do you? Let me send for the doctor.”
“No doctor can save me, Missus. I’m goin’ over the
range, and T’d like to see Jim and the boys “fore I light out.
I ‘low I'll be off in Jess ’n an hour.”
Mary called Iola. Then she hurried out and summoned
the men, who had just arrived, telling them her fears. Jim
and Kid came in with blanched faces.
“Don’t stand too near the hed,” said Mary softly. “He's
89 short of breath. Let him have all the air possible.”
