86 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
occurred to Jim that he had been rude. “ But you needn’t
think I meant you,” he said, quietly, as he noted her flashing
eye. “I know that you can’t have much to regret; that
you never did anything to fret over. I was hittin’ somebody
else.’
‘As Mary did not know what reply was best for this shot,
she very wisely refrained from making any. They were rid-
ing slowly along now, close beside the rocky wall; she put
out her hand and detached a small piece of rotten granite.
She did this with the intention of beginning the science réle,
but her mind was so engrossed with the problem of human
philosophy Jim had spread before her that she could not
proceed. She looked dreamily at the rock a moment, then
let it fall. As it left her hand, her eyes followed it; she
caught sight of a silver spur, with bright, long rays, strapped
to her escort’s heel.
“0, your spurs! I never noticed them before!” she
exclaimed,
Jim looked in the direction of his foot, but said nothing.
“ T’d like to look at one of those some time, when you're
not wearing it,” she said eagerly. Jim took his rein in his
right hand, drew up his left heel, stooped, and unfastened
the spur, and gave it into his companion’s hand.
“Oh! oh! Isn't it pretty? But then—ien’t using a
spur nearly as bad as some of the things the women do?”
“Oh, a spur is bad; I just wear ’em from habit. T’ve
never abused a horse with’em yet; but I saw those, and
somehow I wanted ’em. They’re the prettiest pair I ever
saw. I give twelve dollars for ’em. Got ’em out in Nevada
when I was only nineteen. I don’t generally care for such
gewgaws, but somehow I always liked them.”
Mary returned the spur and Jim readjusted it upon his heel.
“There’s another thing,” she said. “That day I was out
to the round-up camp nearly all the men carried revolvers.
Why did they ?”
“That’s custom too. It started years ago when the cow-
men had to protect themselves from the Indians. They wore
revolvers to kill Indians then; and because they wore re-
volvers they got to killin’ one another, Men don’t kill one
another unless they have some way of doin’ it. It’s got to
be custom now for all cowmen to carry guns and they’s lots
of ’em gets into the pen on account of it. I’ve known good
men go to the pen just because they happened to havea high
temper and a gun. I used to think that I couldn’t get along
