THE MYSTERIES OF COWBOYISM. 89
upon his extended arm and was lightly lifted out of the
wagon and placed upon the ground. As she walked away
with him, reassured and happy again, she looked round to
see if Mr. and Mrs. Hogan fellowed, and then she saw again
—but why should she brood over and resent what she could
not help? She would be light and happy. If Jim Madnau
persisted in annoying her, she would—well, she had pun-
ished certain men a little in her time.
She was led to the mess and introduced to each man.
Therc was some difficulty about finding proper names for
Penobscot Bill and Kid, but these gentlemen finally handed
over real, genuine names, and the emergency was duly met.
Lancaster procured the brightest tin plate obtainable for
Mary, and having loaded upon it beans, bread, beef and
dried apples sufficient for about four people he presented it
to her. Less embarrassed by her strange position than she
would have conceived possible ten minutes before, she began
to eat of the really well prepared food. For be it known
that the cowboys’ cook must be careful; the cowboy always
makes war upon an ill-cooked mess, unless perchance he has
cooked it himself.
“How much sugar, Miss Fleming?” asked the watchful
and ready Lancaster, as he held a large spoonful of the ar-
ticle over a huge tin cup filled with coffee.
“0, none. t don’t drink coffee, Mr. Lancaster.”
“Now, that is too bad. It is the only drink we have.
We have neither tea nor milk.”
“Why, I’d think you’d have milk,” said Mary, in a tone
of deep conviction, as she looked first at Lancaster and then
at the large herd of cattle “held ” near by.
The boys all managed to keep their faces straight, but
Mrs. Hogan smiled quietly, and Mr. Hogan choked himself
well nigh past help on beans.
“Them ain’t milk cows, gal,” said the old man as he re-
covered.
“But I see cows out there with nice little calves by them.”
persisted the astonished girl.
“Yes, and the very sight of a milk bucket would scare
the wits out of them cows. Why, who do ye think is goin’
to milk cows twice a day when they run ten and twenty
miles from any human critter’s house ? ”
Mary did not pursue the subject. She looked puzzled,
and wondered if it were really safe to be near such beasts.
But she was soon aroused by the appearance of Jim Madnau
