90 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
in the war. His mother died when he was about eighteen.
He says she was a good woman and told him when she was
dying that she wanted him to do his best to be a good man.
He says she was sickly, aud he had to work to help support
her and himself as long ago as he can remember.”
“It’s been a long time since he’s had any one to care for
him, then,” said Mary after a little pause,
“Tt has, that. I'd be glad if Jim could get some one in
his house to cheer him up a little. You see Joshua and me
feels like Jim kind o’ belonged to us, and we’d like to see
him do well.”
Mary did not pursue the subject. During the next few
days she wondered if, after all, she had not better undertake
the missionary work herself. She began to enjoy Jim’s
visits very much indeed. It was such delicate flattery for a
man to talk to her as if he thought her his equal or even
more. She began to like the way in which he asked her for
historical dates and facts. It might not be so bad to be
Jim’s cyclopedia after all. He would consult her constantly
and with confidence; and the cyclopedia in turn would have
the consolation of knowing it was owned, consulted and
guarded by some one who was able to appreciate it, and even
make marginal notes of additional knowledge on many sub-
jects. But it was not until she had on several occasions
found herself staring vacantly at Stanley when he was visit-
ing her, without the least idea as to what he had been say-
ing, save that it ended in a question that required some sort
of answer, that she saw that her peace of mind was gone.
On one of these occasions she straightened herself valiantly
in her chair and said:
“Mr. Lancaster, I have taken a severe cold” (this was
true), “ which has settled in my head. Please repeat your
question,” and Stanley had repeated his question and
finished off with his little laugh. Mary answered him and
then set about listening and entertaining as a lady should,
in spite of the bronzed face and piercing blue eyes that
danced before her in mid-air, She wondered why Stanley’s
face looked so meaningless and his laugh sounded so empty.
And on the evening when she expected Jim, she started at
the slightest sound and became white and weak if time crept
on without bringing him. She became eager to hear him
talked of, and fond of walking where she would not be over-
heard and drawing out the syllables of his name. And once
when Mrs. Hogan had asked her if she would be home from
