SOMETHING NEW. 143
lapels with a huge cream-colored satin tie elaborated with black
and pink polka dots. The absence of the coat now showed
the gentleman to perfection. His pantaloons, hanging rather
low upon his hips held in a small pocket a silver watch,
whose big chain fastened to the same garment hung long
and flashy. His slight stoop, won by this valiant cowboy
by long continued saddle exercise of course, rather in this
instance heightened the effect of the bold black eyes, con-
fident air and the muscular body in thescarlet shirt. Bertie
Herron had been taken home by his mother, and Mary, un-
encumbered of other youth, turned with alacrity to study
the new attraction.
Mr. Jennings drew from his pocket a huge brown plug of
tobacco and having surveyed it critically, took an enormous
chew. Bill also dived into his pocket and imitated carefully.
Lat chewed vigorously for a few moments. Gus Waite had
arrived and was absorbing Iola’s attention, so Lat turned to
‘ary. .
“ This country is further out of the woods than I expected
to find it;” he remarked.
“Why, did you expect to find us barbarians ?” asked Mary.
“Well you see I come from a mighty wild country myself.
T’ve been down in the Territory a reap. T’ve seen the time
down there that I was liable to git my neck broke or my
head shot off every time I turned round. I’ve seen some of
my best friends shot down like dogs,” and he looked in the
fire regretfully and chewed vigorously. Then he slowly
rose from his chair ; he pulled up his pantaloons, pulled down
his shirt under the arms, pursed up his lips, took along step
forward, rearranged his lips, took another step forward,
and bending at a graceful angle, sent a long jet of tobacco
juice into the fire. Then Bill arose and made a similar
pilgrimage. With a melting look at the lady of the house
Lat resumed his chair.
“Why, what was the danger? Indians ?” askcd Mary.
“Indians sometimes. But generally bad cowmen. I
never had but one real bad scrape with Indians, and that was
one time when seventeen of em run me into an old buffalo
waller. I had nothin’ to defend myself with but a Win-
chester, but I stood ’em off for three days.”
“ Well, by Jacks!” exclaimed Bill.
“Did you kill any of the Indians ?” asked Mary.
“T dropped four or five of em. ‘The rest saw the climate
wasn’t healthy and they pulled their freight. I didn’t have
