44 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
Hen, though for years a cowboy, had never been seen by
any of the Gaston Valley men to take a drink of liquor or to
visit any questionable resort, He always had a dollar for
the unfortunate and an arm for the burdens of the weak.
He carried in his breast pocket a little clasped Bible, whose
fastening was well-nigh ready to burst because of the play-
ing cards between the leaves, placed there to mark his
favorite scriptural passages. He went quietly about his
duties, either passing unnoted the profanity and obscenity of
many of his companions, or pausing to administer a rebuke
so pointed and yet so kindly that none could be offended.
He seldom exhibited anger, and so far as the Gaston Valley
men knew, did not possess an enemy. He told acceptable
stories of hunting and adventure, and when his slow, half-
nasal tone was heard, others became quiet. Hen was well
liked, and he liked all his associates in return. Perhaps
Jim Madnau was dearest of all to him. Jim was so genuine
—so Hen thought—and Hen loved solidity and hated sham.
Hen unblushingly, and yet politely, studied the lady. He
ronounced her a fine woman, yet he did not feel jealous of
ancaster. If he were displeased at all it was upon Jim
Madnau’s account and not upon his own.
Lancaster and Mary had talked for perhaps twenty min-
utes when Madnau approached them. He walked rapidly,
as was his wont, but his steps were irregular and unsteady,
as if he did not quite relish his approach.
“T’ve got to go out, now, Miss Fleming,” he said. “If
you're goin’ along, Ill rig up one of the men’s saddles for
you; that is, if you think you can ride one. ll have con-
siderable trouble to hold the herd if I don’t get out there be-
fore the fellows on this side leave. They'll break up and get
to scatterin’.”
« Well—I—suppose—I can—ride a man’s saddle ; I have
rode my uncle’s saddle, but it did not have such a high front
asthese have.” Mary spoke as if she did not altogether want
PYvell, Vl rig one up. You can use the horn like it was
the horn on a lady’s saddle. I'll throw the right stirrup over
to the left side and that will make it about the right length.
Tl put you on Kate ; she gets mean spells, but when she
wants to behave herself she’s the finest saddle nag in the
valley; she’s been all right to-day. Will you be ready by
the time I get her saddled ?”
“Yes; but if we are just going out there where the herd
