18 THE ADMINISTRATKLX,
of age, but he looked younger. His name was Charley
Went:vorth, but if any one had addressed him by it he would
have looked round in surprise.
“Say, Stanley,” said Hen, in his long, drawling voice ;
“have you ever got round to spark that new school-marm on
Trelawna y.t? They say she’s mighty purty. You know
the Scriptures say ’tain’t good for man to be alone.”
“ P'll get round there one of these days,” answered Stanley,
slowly, as if mentally calculating whether he ought to do the
lady 80 great an honor.
Kid gave an upward stroke to his pompadour hair.
“ Now, look here, mister,” he said, in a lofty tone. “Do
you suppose I’m going to let you go over there and break
that girl's heart? If you do, it’s because you don’t know
how to bank on the Kid. I’m going to take that girl in
myself.”
“Humph! She wouldn’t look at you twice,” said
Stanley.
“Yes, she would. She’d be scared the first time she
looked, and so she'd look again to see whether she had any
foundation for her scare. When she found she hadn’t,
she’d stand mighty still, and listen to the gentle flow of my
sweet voice while I did some tall talking.”
“ And what would she do when you got through your
speech ?””
“ Tell me to go straight off after the preacher.”
Stanley gave a musical, indulgent laugh, and bestowed a
slight and very good-natured pat upon the shoulder of the
forward youth. It was gracefully done. What act of Stan-
ley’s had ever been executed otherwise? He was grace
from the loftiest lock of wavy blond hair on his head down
to his well-formed, gracefully booted feet.
“ Wonder what’s ruffled Jim up so?” he said.
“In love,” said the ready and mischievous Kid. |
“ Now,” said Stanley, musingly, “I’d feel sorry for Jim
if he was to fallin love, Get left, sure. Jim ain’t popular
with the women.”
“never heard of him trying to be popular with ’em,”
said Hen Hall. “Never heard of him even keeping com-
pany with any girl but Amy Chellis; he seems to be popular
enough there.”
“Oh, Jim’s not the lady’s man that your humble servant
is—not by a long chalk!” said Kid, as he placed his tin
plate upon his head, and bowed it inta Lancaster's lap. “I
