CHAPTER XXVIIL
RAISIN’ THUNDER.
Some of the minor incidents of summer life at the Bar
Eleven may be of interest. Iola was, as Kid frequently re-
marked, getting the East brushed off of her. She developed
such a striking tendency to use cowboy slang that Mary
often felt called upon to caution her. Mr. Jennings was
still throwing out new indications of character. In the
scientific and political conversation which was often held at
table he failed to exhibit the familiarity with ordinary facts
that might have been expected from a gentleman of his rich
and varied experience. Having during a religious discussion
in which he vowed the most pronounced fealty to the Bible,
insisted that the ten commandments are in the New Testa-
ment ; afterward inquired if the different European notables
whom Mary rated so highly were residents of Frelawna;
showed himself possessed of a set of scientific theories
founded wholly upon his own hasty observation, and agreeing
to treat the crowd to lemonade if any of them could find the
opposite of his declarations in any reputable book, he led the
Bar Eleven outfit to believe that the State teacher’s license
in his possession was but another result of the silver plate
pressing on the imaginative bump. Then no one in the out-
fit had ever been so strong, but he had at one time been
stronger; never so sick but he had once been sicker; never
80 brave but he had once been braver; never so learned but
he had once been more so; never so wild but he had once
been wilder; never so lucky but he’ had been luckier. He
caught every possible opportunity at table to tell of his
extraordinary good fortune in making and retaining friends.
He could scarcely go anywhere that he was not liable to find
people who had fondled him in his babyhood, trotted him on
their knees when he was a thriving and rosy child of five
or six or eight, and who reminded him what a good, lively,
bright, independent, noble, intelligent, kind, magnanimous,
handsome, truthful, observing little chap he used to be.
Kid, and the heartless Mary, now that she could no longer
openly quarrel, always had a set of counter stories to offset
