THE ESTATE. 309
agony caused by sucha mistake, I would do nothing hastily.”
«Well gal, the argyment you brought up a minute ago
about clearin’ ’em out for fear of ’em causin’ more misery
and wretchedness, is a better excuse nor private vengeance.
But you'd better go to bed and sleep. You look beat out.
‘They'll be other times to talk these things over.”

“ CHAPTER XXXVIIL.
THE ESTATE.
Ow the next day Mary returned to her home. She had a
Jong talk with the Hogans before setting out. She made
her plans for the future and her mind was serene. She went
to work at once. She was appointed administratrix of her
husband’s estate. She set about its settlement with a will.
With the evidence of Bill and Kid she recovered many of
the cattle that Lancaster had branded. The Circle Bar
posed as a deeply injured faction that was having its property
sworn out of its hands; but there was a reaction of public
opinion against the members that caused them to receive
less sympathy than had been granted their old-time com-
plaints. The truth was beginning to show traces of itself.
Aside from civil suits to recover her property Mary troubled
no one. As soon as she could get full possession of her hus-
band’s property she organized the Bar Eleven Cattle Com-
pany. She herself wassuperintendent. Gustavus A. Waite,
Charles E. Wentworth and William B. Hammin were stock-
holders. The men having but little money to put into the
enterprise, were to serve without pay for a year, when each
one of them would come into possession of an undivided one-
sixth of the herd. Mary retained the ranche and the re-
maining half of the herd.
Mary took Penobscot Bill aside and gave him a good
lecture before she would admit him as a shareholder. She
finally succeeded in getting him to admit that the drink
habit was not a desirable business adjunct. She gave him
many suggestions as to his personal habits, and arranged
matters so that if he was seen in an intoxicated condition
before the year was out he should forfeit all ownership, and
receive wages for the time served only.
Now it is sometimes true that an echo reflects idle sounds
