MILROY CITY HAS A RACE DISPLAY, -$29
CHAPTER XLII.
MILROY CITY HAS A RACE DISPLAY.
Taere had been much effort to get up a race at Milroy
City. First a race was proposed, and then races. Effort
results in success. If there is failure, it is because of insuf-
ficient or ill-directed effort. The races were fixed and an-
nounced for a day late in September—the twenty-second.
The gentlemen’s driving teams, the trotters, the pacers, the
runners and the racers were all to be given a chance. But
the portions of the program that most interested ‘Trelawna
were the cow pony race, and the five-mile cowboy race.
Now the reader well knows that the poor race-horses,
breechy cattle, biting dogs and fighting children all belong
to Smith, Jones and Robinson. Our live stock, and our
race-horses especially, are like ourselves, immaculate. Of
course, our horse may have been unfortunate and may conse-
quently have incurred defeat ; but that was entirely the fault
of circumstances. The horse is all right, and will in the
future be crowned with laurels.
One of the peculiarities of the Trelawna cow ponies was
their celerity. They were all racers. There was on Tre-
lawna no cow pony so poor but had one advocate. But the
confidence of the owner is not the only indication of swift-
ness in horseflesh; abuse of other horsemen must be taken
into consideration. In fact, when a horse is praised by his
owner and cursed by other owners, the signs are strong in
his favor. Now Kid hada pony that enjoyed both these
distinctions. His name was Thundercloud, and he had on
several occasions demonstrated his ability to run a little.
Kid, being a devout worshipper of Thundercloud, resolved
to fit him for the September race. With this end in view
he rubbed the beast’s bay coat until it shone, fed him scant
quantities of hulled oats, bedded him with extreme care,
and severely kicked Hankum for chasing him round the barn
lot at an inopportune season. Gus shared all of Kid’s con-
fidence, and much of his activity. He rubbed the animal’s
legs with the greatest care, and when Broncho Charlie ques-
tioned Thundercloud’s virtues and abilities, he offered to
knock all that gentleman’s teeth down his throat, if he chose
