100 THE ADMINISTRATRLX,
Well, I admit my inferiority, and if she #s determined to
have Jim, I give up the fight.”
It seemed so much harder to get up a subject of conversa-
tion than it was yesterday. They had talked so much about
the gentlemen yesterday. Presently Mary began to talk
literature, and here, at least, she soon became confident of
superiority. Amy had read much, but her list included
nothing that required effort. She had read but few of the
books with which Mary was familiar. They compared lists
of authors and works for some time, finding but little that
both had read, and consequently being able to discuss but
little. They next tried music with no better success. Amy
played little and badly. Mary had some natural talent, but
she had had but little teaching, and was out of practice.
“Don’t you like music?” asked Mary.
“No; not very well. Practicing is too much work,” said
Amy, with a toss of the head.
“O,I wish I had an instrument to practice on; I wouldn’t
think of getting tired.”
“Yes, I believe you would, Mary. People get tired of the
things they have, and want the things they haven’t. But
how do you manage to live out your days with that prosy old
couple up there ?”
“OQ, Amy! you’re mistaken; they’re not prosy. Mrs,
Hogan is just as kind as any mother could be, and Mr.
Hogan is very entertaining. He is a great talker, and is
quite original and philosophic.”
“ And then you are helped out by the frequent calls of Mr.
Madnau and Mr. Lancaster,” said Amy, clapping her little
hands together, and laughing.
«0, they don’t come very often.”
“Vd like Jim better if he wasn’t so deceitful,” ventured
Amy.
«Deceitfal ? Why I thought him provokingly honest,”
said Mary.
“Oh, that’s just one of his tricks. That’s the way he
throws people off their guard. He wants people to think
he’s above such foolishness as love and things of that sort.
He don’t say much, but he has a lot of cute tricks that make
a girl think he’s dying for her. Now Stanley is the honest
one. He comes out and commits himself—says something.
And he’s so handsome and agreeable, too.”
Mary felt the air grow hotter and more stifling. The per-
fume of the big pink rose sickened her. There was a deadly


