THE SPRING ROUNDUP. 233
our blindness causes, we’d quit it and go to behavin’ our-
selves, It’s our duty to study how not to cause sufferin’
ourselves, and how to check up others that don’t know
enough to keep from trampin’ on the weak. I can think of
plenty of folks that has done wonders at settin’ free the
critters some one else was abusin’, who, if they’d jest looked
down, would a found that under their own feet critters was
strugglin’.”
Both. Lat Jennings and Penobscot Bill were very relig-
iously inclined—that is in a certain sense, Both were super-
stitious in the extreme, and both believed that eternal pun-
ishment would be visited upon those who died unrepentant,
and upon all who scoffed at orthodoxy. They both intended
to repent their sins some fine day, be received into the
church, and go to Heaven post haste. The people whom
they had led into evil ways must of course take care of
themselves. It is needless to say that Hen Hall expressed
the strongest contempt for the views of these two gentlemen.
Mary much desired to learn Mr. Jennings’s politics. The
Bar Eleven outfit were, with the single exception of Penob-
scot Bill, Browbeaters. Bill was a Reactionist and Mary
hoped that Mr. Jennings was a Reactionist also. But she
was disappointed. She put the question one morning at
breakfast. Mr. Jennings fairly swelled with importance ;
he waved his hand majestically as he answered:
“Tama Browbeater for all I’m worth. My father was
the first Jennings that ever voted the Browbeater ticket.
My grandfather was a large slave-holder when the war
begun. Father went into the army and helped free the
slaves. Before the war was over the whole family changed
their minds. Yes, I’m a Browbeater jest as far as I can
reach,”
Mary was deeply disappointed, and although a life-long
Browbeater she began right then and there to pick flaws in
her party. She remarked that it was time for the Brow-
beaters, now that the slaves were free, to turn their atten-
tion to some other creat work—the liberty of women for
instance. She and Mr. Jennings then had a lively battle;
for Mr. Jennings was one of those gentlemen who in the
presence of women believe that women are too nice, good,
lofty, sweet, amiable, pretty, clean, sacred and noble, to be
polluted with the franchise; and who when talking with
men believe that the members of the gentler sex are too
big fools to be trusted with citizenship. Mary was most

