284 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
social and financial prestige to damage his and Hen Hall’s
evidence; as yet he suspected nothing further.
One morning after affairs had grown worse he went as
usual to look after his stock. He never went unarmed now.
Before starting he stood beside his horse, holding the hand
of his wife as she leaned against the saddle, her right arm
flung across it. His brows were knit and his face working.
“JT wouldn’t care for the trouble if it wasn’t for you,
Mary,” he was saying. “I’ve been the last few days, when
T’ve thought of the way they’re liable to do, half reproaching
myself for marrying you, and putting you to such risk of
unhappiness.”
“0, Jim,” she said, as she pressed her face against Dick’s
mane an tightened her slim fingers on her husband’s hand,
“don’t fecl that way. If we’d lose everything we have to-
morrow, I’d be happy enough.”
“But they’re liable to try to get away with me, Mary.
They know I can pen’em, and they’re ready to do anything.”
“Td be glad even then that I’d married you, Jim. I
wouldn’t undo the past for ages of future without you. T’ve
lived ages of bliss in these few months. But O, Jim, watch.
They’re afraid of you. They won’t attack you unless every
thing is in their favor. Keep with the other men, and don’t
let them catch you alone. Think of me and take care of
yourself. Don’t worry about having married me, but keep
yourself for me.” And then she convulsively raised her left
hand to his shoulder, gripped his clothing, tottered, and still
further hid her wet face in the charger’s mane.
“Now Mary, don’t distress yourself.”
“But Jim, ’m afraid I’m a little to blame. I’m afraid
Stanley started to be spiteful on my account.”
“No, Mary, I’m confident that he’s been stealing my calves
for two years. I never suspected it till I saw what I did
this summer; but since then I’ve seen two grown animals
bearing his brand that I’m satisfied are calves of a fine half-
Durham cow of mine. And now I must go.” He drew her
head out from the long, tangled sorrel mane, and bidding her
be strong, kissed her with a passion untouched by vacillating
weakness,
« Jim,” she said suddenly, “I’ni going along.”
“No, Mary, I’m going a long way.”
“But I’m going.”
“No, no, Mary; to-morrow will be better. I don’t expect
to be home till after night.”
