56 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
there often arises strife. Men are quite as ready to fight
for their famishing cabbages as for their famishing children
—indeed in occasional instances, if a man’s cabbage perish,
so will his children also.
‘The law favors the oldest ditch. Were there twenty ranch-
ers on a creek, and the supply of water for the season
adequate for but one, the owner of the oldest ditch could use
all that supply. ‘Che rights of the others would rank ac-
cording to their titles. Joshua Hogan was the oldest settler
on ‘I'relawna Creek ; he had lived there thirteen years. He
might have taken a ranche higher up the creek—the one
Jim Madnau owned—but the one he selected pleased him
better. His ditch was an individual affair and was taken
out of the creek some distance above the fields it was in-
tended to irrigate. The three settlers who beside him lived
on the creek at the time Jim Madnau took up his land,
lived some three miles below him; they always had plenty
of water, owing to a mysterious rise in the bed of the creek
just above the ditch taken out for their land. Why this
rise of water existed the ranchmen could not tell, but it was
certain that it did exist and that it assured them a compe-
tence. Whether at some distance up the creek a portion of
its waters entered a subterranean channel to again appear,
or whether some mountain-derived spring finds outlet here,
it cannot be said; but out of the mica gitering sands the
supply arises and _is known as “The Rise in Trelawna.”
Above this rise, Jim Madnau was the second settler and
owner of the second water right. The three miles between
Mr. Hogan and the Rise were now covered with cultivated
fields; people were living there, striving to gain bread and
even wealth. Bill Coffroth was one of the settlers; he
owned a hay ranche, for the poorer members of his herd of
three thousand head must often be fed through the winter.
His need of water was great, and owing to the fact that his
land was so situated as to receive no waste water from other
ranches, his facilities for obtaining it were not so good as
those of his neighbors. Frelawna generally furnished water
in abundance for-her settlers; but during the summer sea-
son of 18— rain had been scarcer than usual ; snow had been
light the previous winter and consequently Frelawna ran
low. Mr Hogan and Jim Madnau and the now numerous
settlers below the Rise had all that was needful, but the fields
of the three-mile strip suffered.
The residents of that strip were of the opinion that Ho-
