THE ROUNDUP, 15
“Now, Stan Lancaster, if you’re so all fired hungry,
rustle you a scoop and fill up. The hash’s ready.”
Stanley Lancaster and his companion rose, took some tin
plates and cups from an improvised cupboard in the mess
wagon, and began to take ample supplies of beans, beef and
coffee from the caldrons. The other men began to approach
the fire and follow their example.
“Hello, Jim!” shouted Lancaster, as he perceived the
buckskin covered rider stripping saddle and bridle from his
broncho. “Just got in?”
“Hello. Yes,” responded Jim, as he took the riata from
his saddle horn and tied it about the neck of his broncho.
“Here, now, Kate, go get your supper, ” he said, as he gave
her a little pat on the neck. He looked dreamy and_preoc-
cupied. As he dragged his saddle away to put it under the
“ grub wagon,” he stepped on one of the latigo straps which
he had forgotten to fold throughits ring, and came near
falling.
“Which way did you ride, Jim ?” asked Hen Hall, a long,
angular, gawky individual, whose unsuspended blue overalls
seemed in imminent danger of slipping down over his lean
hips and losing themselves hopelessly. He hitched them
up as he spoke and slipping his hands behind him drew
the strap a little further through the buckle.
“Been over to Ute Gap; trying to see if I could see or
hear anything of a heifer that’s running over that way.”
“See her?”
“Yes—No!”
“T didn’t know that any of your brand run over there,
Jim;” said an exceedingly young looking, fantastically
dressed fellow, with almost white pompadour hair.
“ Well,” said Jim, “this’ un don’t exactly carry my brand
yet—wish she did—maybe will sometime.” Then he looked
round suddenly and reddened. The men threw up their
hats and chorused forth a laugh.
“‘Haven’t taken to maverick hunting, have you, Jim?”
asked the youth. .
“Shut your jaw, Kid, and give Jim a chance to toot,”
said Penobscot Bill, very mildly, “ maybe he'll clear himself.”
Jim scratched his head and leaned against the mess
wagon.
“There* are times,” he said, in hig increased confusion,
“ when a man’s justifiable.”
“In what?” asked Hen Hall,
