MILROY CITY HAS A RACE DISPLAY, 381
thought of putting up twenty-five dollars with Charlie Ford,
«just to make int shut up his mouth.” Kid, also, had
thought of risking an equal amount on Thundercloud; that
would not be gambling, of course; no risk was incurred—
Thundercloud was sure to win—and where there is no risk,
there is no gambling. But, after this generous load of in-
struction which the young ladies had transferred to each
other in their presence, who shall wonder that they speedily
decided that the purse would be sufficient ?
The twenty-second of September was a magnificent day.
Kid, Gus, Penobscot Bill and Thundercloud were early on
the ground. The Circle Bar outfit came down charged with
importance and heavy purses. Mose and Ike remained at
the ranche to look after the stock. The men wanted Mose to
come down and ride their string in the five-mile race, since
he was light, and quick at mounting. But Mose declined,
and Griff Henry was installed as rider.
Now the Circle Bar had learned that Thundercloud un-
doubtedly possessed speed. Tom Samp had at one time,
when Kid was in fancied security and secrecy training his
favorite, equipped himself with a stop watch and a large
stock of caution, and hidden in a clump of bushes beside the
road. Hewent home in a tremor of excitement and carrying
a heavy load of valuable information. The incident took
place at a time when there was not a single feud between or
among any of the outfit. Tom therefore generously informed
them all of what he had learned and they all decided to keep
quiet. They first tried to trade for Thundercloud; when
they found this impossible, they concluded that at any rate
they might entrap the unwary and win piles of money. So
they maintained a vigorous and silent watch.
‘Re various points round the half-mile track were gathered
carriages and saddle horses in considerable quantity. The
grand stand was overflowing. ola and Bella, in the spring
wagon with the Hogans, sat beneath their raised parasols
and looked expectant.
Thundercloud, his legs well wrapped with red flannel, was
being paraded around the inclosure within the ring. The
ten ponies for the five mile race, as well as half a dozen
trotters, were being exercised, also. Now Jere Herron, not
sharing the Circle Bar knowledge in this particular, was full
of contempt for Thundercloud. He said that he thought
that if that little old cayuse could run he ought to know it.
He had been watching him for six months,
