STRANGE EVENTS. 83
“People have such odd notions about cowboys. Why, I
supposed they were like wild people.”
“They're something like all other men; good, bad and in-
different. But we’re rough and crude, some of us; others
are sleek and tricky; others rough and perfect devils.”
‘There was so little self-recommendation in this that Mary
rebelled.
a have seen some of them who are gentlemen,” she
said.
“Well, you haven’t known ’em long.”
“And when I find them out, will they be, all of them,
selfish and coarse and sensual as the majority of men are ?”
she demanded, in a high key.
“ You will probably find a few who are not—you will find
just as many men in this profession as in any other. 1 know
Something about men in all ranks. I know they are faulty
creatures, and that the majority of women either encourage
or tolerate their faults.”
At this shot Mary bit her lip and was silent, wondering
what he meant and rankling against him. Of course he
meant her favor for Stanley; Mr. Hogan had hinted that
Stanley had faults.
“ If women tolerate and encourage men’s faults, it is be-
cause they recognize their subordinate position and the use-
lessness of railing against what they can not remedy,” she
said, tartly.
“The servility of one class invites the tyranny of another,”
he said. “I don’t justify men’s faults—I think them con-
temptible—but if women would stand up for their own
rights, and have nothing to do with men who mistreat their
sex, or who drink and carouse around, there’d be an improve-
ment in things. Women could lead men anywhere if they’d
just set about it. Instead of that, they hand over the reins
to the men, and consent to Je led.”
“Could any woman lead you if she’d set about it?” she
asked, in an exasperating tone.
Jim looked at her—half-doubtfully smiled—saw the
expression on her face—then frowned heavily.
“T know the women are not used right,” he said. “ It’s
a shame, and I’d like to see things righted; but the
women ought to show more spirit. They keep too still
under their ill-treatment; they don’t say a word about
Wrongs that men would raise the devil about. Women don’t
know their power. I can conceive of circumstances about
