INCIDENTS. 285
“That’s another reason. I’ll be ready in a minute,” and
she sped into the house.
Her husband looked smilingly after her, and then proceeded
to saddle Kate.
“You see, Jim,” she said, as she tied a parcel of buttered
bread to her saddle, “they won’t bother you if I’m along.”
About an hour after their departure, Emma Chase entered
the sitting-room.
Tola was glad of this as she was alone; but she soon half
regretted the presence of her guest. Emma was peevish,
irritable, and moody. She talked illy of people and gazed
vacantly at the walls.
“Yve heard that Mr. Jennings is gone,” she ventured,
since Iola failed to mention the gentleman. .
“QO yes; Jim was going to discharge him and so he left.”
“ And do you really think he was there, Iola ?”
“Why, of course. We found out all about it.”
Emma picked the fringe on her dress, while a film came
over her eyes. Iola watched her with an aching heart.
“Emma,” she said presently, as she seated herself near
her, “why do you waste a thought on him? You are white
and pure. Don’t soil your mind by letting it harbor his
image.”
Emma did not answer, but her tears fell slowly on her
hands. Her under teeth caught her upper lip and pressed
it firmly. Her face began to quiver.
“O, Emma,” said Iola with a half sob, “don’t let your-
self think of him.”
“What if I can’t help it?”
“Fight the thought, Drive it away. You wouldn’t marry
now, Emma, after what you know ?”
“T’d sink into ruin for him if it wasn’t for making father
and mother suffer.”
“0, Emma!”
“T can’t help it, Iola. I love him so well I could forgive
him anything. © I never cared for any one else.”
“But what is there about him to love? He is proved
false, callous, cowardly and untruthful.”
“But then he is handsome and pleasing. He impresses one
so strongly with the idea of strength and honor, that it is
hard to believe he don’t possess them.”
“ And what will be the outcome of your favor, Emma ?”
“Lifelong misery, I suppose.”
“But, Emma, it’s wrong to love such bad people.”
