248 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
tell you, I’ve never been left yet. I’ve seen hundreds of
women I could a married, but I’ve got too much sense. I’m
not goin’ to tie myself down to any one woman.”
« May be you'd like to go to Utah, Sammie, where you
vould marry up half a county and keep a harem right,” said
Hen,
Lat became indignant. He sat up and said fiercely :
“Polygamy is barbarism! I’m no barbarian, Hen Hall,
whatever people say about me!”
“0, polygamy is barbarism, is it?” said Hen, as he
squared around and leaned against a cottonwood. “ When a
man acknowledges his wives and provides homes for ’em, and
expects to take some sort of care of ’em as long as they live,
and recognizes his kids and lets ’em bear his name, and once
in a while buys ’em some sort of a present or takes ’em out to
a picnic; and where the women can hold up their heads and
not feel they’re disgraced, that’s barbarism. But where a
man has two or three dozen unmarried wives strewed round
over the country, some of ’em that he’s never seen but once
and never expects to see again, with his trunks allers packed
so he can light out for a new range at the shortest notice,
with him huntin’ up specialty doctors, with his wives drinkin’
to drown their shame and jumpin’ into some river to shorten
the road to hell, with his kids growin’ up to be kicked and
slurred and shut out o’ decent society and drove into crime
’cause they was born in shame, that’s civilization. There’s
a distinction for you, and by Hell, there’s a difference, too.”
“ And so you believe in polygamy,” sneered Lat.
“No! I don’t believe in polygamy ! It’s you that believe
in polygamy! I believe in the union of one man to one
woman. But I say, if we have polygamy at all, let’s have a
decent kind—a kind that don’t cause so much shame and
sorrer and misery as ours does. The States is jest about as
polygamous to-day as Utah is, and their polygamy is of a long
sight lower, meaner kind. A man and woman livin’ together
makes marriage ; the gosh darned ceremony ain’t nothin’ but
the smearin’ over of the law. I believe in a man keepin’ his
mouth shet about Utah till he gits kinder worthy to wipe
the molasses off of Utah’s nose. If I had any sense I’d git
up a party myself that would give the women a right to per-
tect theirselves.”
“ The Browbeater party is good enough for me ;” said Lat,
“My father was the first Jennings that ever voted the Brow-
beater ticket, and he left a slave-holdin’ family to do it. If

