THE SUMMER ROUNDUP. 239
fore feet until she stood almost as erect as her rider possibly
could have done; then she lowered her fore-quarters and
gave her hind legs a turn at skywardness, landing Mr. Jen-
nings far away ona thriving ant hill. She then emerged
from these comparatively quiet and harmless gambols into a
regular exhibition of equestrian gymnastics. She did her
best. The shouting cowboys, the running, bellowing herd,
the dangling rope, and the loudly cursing Mr. Jennings in-
spired her, and for full ten minutes she was at the acme of
her enjoyment. She rose in the air, turned and came
down in an opposite direction, bit her girths, snorted, reared,
and foamed, until at last she fell in the midst of the rope
coils, leaving the earth about her magnificently ploughed.
Jennings was on his feet, trying to approach her for some
time before she fell, desiring only to mount again before his
fall was discovered. ‘The cattle had now been surrounded
and brought to comparative quietude. Kid and Gus rode
past Ike, who had seen the whole drama, up to Jennings,
who was now busy disengaging the rope. Ike briefly told
them the facts.
«“ Why, how did_you get down there, and Kate in that
shape ? ” queried Kid.
“The old hussy got her legs tangled up in the rope, and
Thad to get off to unwrap it,” said the dismounted rider,
gloomily.
-“ Guess son did have to get off, Sammie. Ike saw you
get off, fe said it was the clearest case of ‘have to’ he
ever saw.”
“Well, any man that says I was throwed, lies!” roared
the goaded Jennings.
“Tl bring Ike over here and let you tell him so, Sammie,”
said Gus.
“ You let Ike alone. I’ll manage my own rackets. But
I'll tell you right now that I'll make him take that back. I
don't want.any trouble with anybody, but I'll jest camp
right on his trail till he swallers that.”
“ Well, Sammie,” said Kid, “since we got cheated out of
seeing that fun by the cattle making the break they did, I
think you’d better do Ike up for our benefit. Weill bring
him over and tell him to jump you about being throwed, and
all you'll have to do will be to lick him. Agreeable ?”
“0, boys, I don’t want no trouble with Ike. Ike’s a good
feller, if he jest didn’t talk too much. I never saw anybody
I liked better, if it wasn’t for jest that one fault. But T tell
