THE DRIVE. 349
of them were nursing heart sorrows like his own—wondering
at the blindness of humanity, that, too weak to do aught but
injure the different members of its own body, strikes off a
finger or lacerates the flesh of a foot, and then cries out
because the knowledge of pain is carried through all its
nerves. .
The men were filing off in different directions, some
whistling, some talking, some singing, some silent. Hank
Sands and Griff Hengy began to quarrel over some trivial
affair, and that disturbed Mose’s serenity again. Lancaster
was mounted on a prancing black horse, his attire faultless,
his smile insinuating, his gloves irreproachable, his long
yellow mustache hiding the cruelty marked in his lips, and
only the dissipation apparent in his face, marring his come-
liness. He set off in company with Broncho Charlie. Lat
Jennings was mounted, ready to accompany the mess wagon,
which Everet was to take charge of. ‘Two patient and
diminutive burros were loaded with some extra bedding, and
stood ready. Soon the Circle Bar was deserted. The men
to the hills and parks, the mess wagon to the camping ground
on Aspen Creek, the light-footed, sad-eyed little burros in its
rear, had moved away from its vicinity.
Soon the men were out in the wilds, finding a single brute
that regarded them with affrighted eyes here; a group of
twenty there; alittle band, wild as deer or prong-horn, that
lifted their heads and tried to elude their hunters, higher up
the country; these could only be surrounded and driven
down by stratagem. In one of these bands was a fine Texas
cow with eagle eyes and a jet-black, glossy coat; her long
thin, shiny yellow horns curved, first upward, then outward ;
beside her ran a sleek black calf. She eyed the men with
suspicion, sniffed the air indignantly, then with erect head
trotted on, keeping well on the danger side of her offspring.
The men gathered these little bunches into a large band,
keeping well to hillward of them until they were safely upon
the parks. As the men driving the different bunches ap-
proached each other there arose a musical chorus of calls
and cries that echoed and re-echoed again, like the reverber-
ating of artillery in a resounding and long continued cannon-
ade. The cries fell in phonetic contrast, they supplied all
parts, took up all keys, and blended at last, rising above the
sound of tramping and galloping feet, like sailor’s cries, above
the din of old ocean’s roar.
“Ho !——Ho!—Ho! Crowd the stragglers! Head the

