THE PIOUS COWBOY, 149
CHAPTER XVIII.
THE PIOUS cowsor.
Manry’s heart yearned toward Hen Hall. The tall, gaunt,
bony fellow, with his shock hair, homely features, long red
fingers, bronzed face and big yellow teeth, had yet a look in
his kindly, sympathetic eyes that lifted him, in her estima-
tion, far out of the common. She longed to talk with him,
and if possible, probe to the bottom the secret romance she
felt satisfied lay deep down in his heart.
‘When we are done with love, and have shaken off forever
its pains, its pleasures and its mighty risks, there come to
face and eye a proclamation that the considerate soul-reader
never mistakes. Mary’s eyes followed Hen anxiously. On
Tuesday morning, as he stood by his saddled horse ready to
mount. Jim bade him postpone his start for a while. His
duty for the day was the bringing in of some range stock
that needed feeding to insure their living through the winter.
The morning was cloudy and cold, so Jim bade him wait.
He tied his horse and went with Jim to sit by the sitting-
room fire.
“ Do you calkilate Sam to ride to-day?” he asked. Sam
was the name Mr. Lat Jennings had given to the man as
his usual appellation. There is nothins like having plenty
of names, If one gets spoilt, another may be called in
“No,” answered Jim. “ When I hired Sam he said he
didn’t want to ride much ; he’s afraid of bleedin’ at the lungs.
Said he had to quit cow-punchin’ for fear of it.”
“How did they get to calling cowboys cow-punchers,
Jim?” demanded Mary.
«0, when they’re out on the trail, the cattle get footsore
and leg-weary. ‘The boys have to get rods and prod ’em to
keep ’em goii’. Punch ’em in the ribs, you know.”
Hen, in an effort to get his handkerchief, showed the
eorner of a book in a great inner coat pocket.
“Do you care if I see that book ?” asked Mary, eagerly.
“ No ma’am,” he answered, as he handed it to her. “ But
Yl just ask ye not to displace them book-marks. They're a
set of thin ones I come across that don’t bulge it as much as
thicker ones would.”
