82 THULE ADMINISTRATRIX.
were now passing through, Evangeline had “stamped round
over,” secking her beloved. Mary felt that some good
young woman with a great supply of courage and a mission-
ary turn of mind ought to marry Jim and try to moderate
his language ; give him polish and convince him of the neces-
sity of conforming in some degree to the usages of civiliza-
tion. She had known several courageous, muscular young
females who she was certain would bring round this dread-
ful person in a swift and effective manner. She was half
beginning to believe he would be good to a woman, pro-
vided she did not let him know she was afraid of him. She
felt the red spots come out on her cheeks again as she
thought of his anger at the accident at the cave mouth.
But no; she would never risk it. Why, she would be in
terror all the time; because if she looked at another. man,
even at a long distance, Jim would be furiously jealous and
would ceaselessly follow her with that fierce glance of his,
and would perhaps even scold her with that fierce heavy
voice—the same voice he had employed to-day to berate Mr.
Lancaster. Poor Mr. Lancaster! In fact the very thought
of herself becomipg missionary for the redemption of Jim
Madnau’s literary criticism, and for that gentleman’s gen-
eral felicity, was so terrible that the two red spots receded
from her cheeks again, and she proposed to the innocent
cause of her uneasiness that they gallop ahead and overtake
Mr. Mopely and Lucy Chase. Jim assented, but the newly
formed companionship did not last long; she soon found that
they were alone again and that she was listening to the ac-
count of the capture of a year-old grizzly bear which one of
Jim’s friends had once lassoed and “drug” into camp.
There was another point; Jim ought to get a wife who
would persuade him to say “dragged” instead of “drug.”
Aman whose judgment, memory and character seemed so
excellent ought to be rescued from such linguistic pitfalls.
“Where did you come from, when you came here, Mr.
Madnau?” she asked when the bear story was finished.
She wanted to learn as much of his history as possible so as
to know how best to proceed.
“T was born in New York state, but I was a cow-puncher
in Nevada two years before I came here.”
“ And when did you get time to read so much?”
“Well, I read some at school. Then there’s nearly al-
ways some chap in a cow camp that’s got a book or two, and
all the boys read ’em.”
