190 TUE ADMINISTRATRIX,
Wheu he had finished the first article, Louise said quietly:
«€We had better not read or talk much before papa. _He
will not like it.’
“ He looked keenly at her, then asked :
«© Are you always alone of evenings ??
“Not always. Sometimes papa brings company.’ Her
tone lost so much of its life and her face became so dejected
that she revealed more than she intended. He made no
answer but went on reading. Hay came in at eleven o'clock,
and then the company dispersed. As Louise habituall
looked to every turn of fortune for escape from her impend-
ing fate, she could not close her eyes until she had breathed
a prayer that the stranger might in some way prove a source
of rescue.
“In the morning the new hand entered the kitchen just as
Louise was putting breakfast on the table.
“What did you say your name was, young man?’ asked
Tom, running his fingers through his long, stiff hair.
«“¢My name is Harris—Simon Harris.’
« «Where you from ?’
“This state; about two hundred miles east of here.’
«“«*You’ve rode after cattle before ?’
“Yes, sir; I’ve been riding more or less for four years.
Usually work all summer and part of the fall and spring.’
“¢Well now, I’m willin’ to pay good wages to a man that'll
work, but I don’t want no shirkin’. Then there’s my gal.
She’s done spoke for, and I won’t have any cow-punchers
talkin’ to her and gittin’ her dissatisfied?
“Papa, I can take care of myself. Breakfast is ready,’
spoke Louise sharply and with flashing eyes.
«Yes, yes, gal, but it’s always well enough to have an
understanding. No offense meant, young man. But you
see——’
“Papa, I said breakfast was ready.’
“< Yes, yes; so’m I. Come ahead, young man.’
“Tom occupied the breakfast era in explaining to the new
hand where he would be apt to find the cattle feeding, and
the nature and amount of the work he was expected to do.
After breakfast he took him to the little stable and started
him off on the only horse in his possession. Then he re-
entered the house. “Lou,” he said, “I want to talk to you
about Bug. He wants to know right off so he can build.
“©O, Papal?
“But you'll want a home of your own some day, Lou. I
won't live always’
