MILROY CITY HAS A RACE DISPLAY. 335
off like a flash. He threw the rein to Bill Hammin, and ex-
claimed angrily :
“ You’re a —— cur to hit a horse! Why don’t you hit
me?”
Tom was much larger than Kid, but he feared his inability
to cope with his enemy’s agility. Unblushingly he ran to
the fence, where the posts were packed about with bowlders.
He seized two of these and ran back toward Kid. Kid
sprang forward, struck him in the face with his glove, then,
while Tom still advanced, he sprang back, doubled up his
fist like a ball, made a running charge at his adversary,
struck him in the breast with all his accumulated force, and
knocked him completely off his feet. Griff Henry ran for-
ward to heljs defend his friend from his doughty little antag-
onist. When the trouble began Gus was some little distance
off. The crowd was dense, for many men had quickly circled
round the combatants. But Gus had, because of the long
legs that lifted him above ordinary mortals, a most excellent
view of all that passed. While he was elbowing his way
forward the battle raged. If the two now engaged—Kid
and Griff—had clinched, the former would have been hope-
lessly at a disadvantage because of his size; but knowing
this, Kid contented himself with running round his antag-
onist, knocking off his blows, and putting in a quick stroke
at every possible opportunity. All this time ‘Tom was fol-
lowing ‘them up, screening himself behind Griff, trying to
strike Kid with the bowlders, and exclaiming: “Kill him!
Kill him! Kill him!” Kid had peeled Griff’s face, and
about worn out his power of resistance, when they were
parted by the crowd, who at the same time took the rocks
away from Tom. Men were everywhere shouting; many of
the women in the grand stand were screaming; Bella and
Tola, clasped in each other’s arms, were in tears, while Mrs.
Hogan was wildly imploring Joshua to go over and restore
order. Gus was one of the many who had parted the bellig-
erents. He and Kid now stood forth and gave Tom a very
graphic description of their opinion of himself, in which de-
scription their language was strong, direct, plain, and some-
what uncomplimentary. Kid offered Tom satisfaction on
any kind of a “lay out,” but it was plain that Tom did not
hanker after satisfaction unless he could have rocks, a revol-
ver, or some other bad weapon to offset Kid’s naked fists.
Tom backed away, imploring Kid to have mercy upon him,
and spare his life; and promising in trembling tones not to,
