THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 193
‘They were both over their embarrassment now and ready to
laugh. ‘They fell to talking in a lively manner and began to
become warmly interested in the narrative of each other’s
little past adventures.
«Well, are you brave enough to go to-night?” he asked.
«“<¢To-night, if at all. Johnson comes to-morrow night.’
«“¢The train goes east at eleven I think.’
«Yes, but it does not stop; we will have to flag it. It is
past nine now.
“Then you had better get ready. How much money have
you altogether ?”
“¢ About eighty dollars, I think. I will count it. Yes, eighty
dollars and a few cents over. I had thirty dollars before
Papa gave me the fifty.’
“<T have twenty. We will be quite rich. Iregret, how-
ever, that it is necessary to take your father’s money.’
«€Tt is not his; it is mine. Papa has been allowing me
money for keeping house for him and all this is of that
allowance. Even the fifty dollars is money he had owed mo
for some time.’
“¢So much the better then.’
“Where will you take me to?’
“«T live in M——City. I think I had better take you
to mother.’
« ¢Very well; I’) get ready. And oh, while I’m gone please
write a letter to papa and tell him I’m so sorry I can’t do as
he wishes. And tell him—’ but her voice became tremulous
and she left the room with the sentence unfinished.
“In about half an hour she returned in hat and cloak and
carrying a small valise. After a few minutes’ preparation on
his part they closed the door behind them and started down
the path. Then as suddenly as if he had been a spirit, her
father appeared before them, beastly drunk and foaming with
rage.
“¢ What the ’s this?’ he roared.
“¢Papa, be quiet; I need to buy some things; I’m going
down to the village,’ said Louise quietly.
« ¢ By the you aint,” roared her father as he fumbled
for his revolver.
“Harris had no weapon save a large pocket knife ; this he
flourished in the old man’s face while he seized Louise with
his free arm and hurried her down the path. The horse he
had been riding was picketed near. He trotted forward.
Harris seized the rope and cut it free with one stroke of the


