DISCOVERY. 121
little that happened until Jim said loftily, as he stepped into
the buggy to drive away from the minister’s house:
“Mary Fleming Madnau, sit over a little.”
“O, Jim!” she said, clasping her hands tightly together.
“What is it?” he asked, as he gathered the reins in his
ri ht hand, and took possession of his new property with his
left arm.
“O, it all seems so strange.”
CHAPTER XV.
DISCOVERY.
O, How people did talk! 0, how people dotalk! O, how
people wil talk! ©, how people always talk if they have
anything to talk about! 0, how they talk if they have
nothing to talk about; for they manufacture somethin,
rather than abstain from talking. The magpie ran off ani
married the cuckoo; did you hear of it? ‘The rhinoceros
went courting the hippopotamus! Tell me all about it,
quick! The opossum said that the calf told him, that the
old hen said that she heard the turkey-gobbler say, that he
was told by the cow, that the horse said, that the owl said,
that the pig said, that the hog said, that the cat said, that
the rat said, that the mouse said, that the elephant said, that
the lion told him, that he overheard the elk tell the tiger,
that the kangaroo told the duckbill, that the swan told the
whale, that the ape had said in the presence of the baboon,
the bat and the monkey, that the antelope had told him as a
sacred confidence, that the leopard had told the buffalo, that
the bear had said to the fly, when the latter presumed to
alight upon his nose, that he, the bear, was no fool, if he did
have fits!
When Frelawna heard of the stolen marriage of Jim and
Mary, it shook as if with an earthquake. Sunbonnets were
hastily donned, as the ladies ran from house to house, wearing
out shoe-leather and circulating news. No two people had just
the same bundle of news nor the same opinion in regard to
the affair, although there was considerable unanimity in the
opinion that Jim Madnau, though a sensible enough man in
regard to some things, had permitted himself to be com-
pletely taken in by a wicked and scheming adventuress. For
