124 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
wishing and congratulating! Even Mrs. Chellis enthusi-
astically kissed the dreadful female about whom such
frightful rumors were soon to float! Mrs. Chellis had been
80 seized with a desire for religious truth to-day that for the
first time in a year she had left her household overseeing and
attended the Trelawna Sunday-school. She told Amelia just
before setting out that she would go to Milroy city to church,
where she usually went, when she attended divine service,
but she did want to see whether Mary had been spending her
new husband’s money for clothes, and how she looked in the
possible new finery. Mr. and Mrs. Lee were introduced and
were very effusive—they were in fact almost gushing. Mrs.
Lee paraded all five of her interesting children so that Mary
could note their elegant cloaks and hats and the braided
trousers of Maximillian Augustus, which were the delight of
his mother’s eye. During the conversation Mrs. Lee took
great pains to impress the new and rather overawed Mrs.
Madnau with a sense of her importance. She explained that
her long and aristocratic visiting list made two hired girls
necessary ; one to do the housework and one to take care of
the children.
“And who teaches the children? They don’t all go to
school, do they ?” asked Mary, as she looked with real in-
terest at the pretty, but vacant little faces.
“Roy, there, goes to school. They'll all get schooling
enough. heir father intends to send them off to school
when they get older. I haven’t time to teach them; dear
me! If i began that, I never would get any visiting done.”
Mary looked stupidly at her for a moment, wondering if
she would ever become like that; she clutched her husband's
arm and answered the greetings of others, Mrs. Lee went
away smiling, and together with Amy insisting that Mary
and Jim come soon to visit them. Amy was quite as friendly
as the rest of her family. She might be disappointed, but
@ person must have feeling to experience pain. From the
warmth of the greetings that were showered upon them, the
young couple could gain little idea of the bitter things that
were said out of their hearing. But because Mrs. A. and
Mr. B. carefully tell us what our neighbors have said about
us, and as carefully conceal what they themselves have said,
and because the neighbors all tell us what Mrs. A. and Mr.
B. have said and as skillfully conceal what they have said,
the reports all reached the bride and groom sooner or later.
But when people become exceeding friendly in our presence

