AN UNINTENDED MEETING. 29
iveness from its cleanliness, neatness and appearance of
substantial comfort, rather than from any attempt at orna-
mentation.
The visitor advanced up the sanded walk and knocked at
the door. She was admitted into the family sitting-room by
a tall, thin old lady to whom she introduced herself. The
lady in return announced that her name was Mrs. Hopkins.
“ This is my old man,” she added in a high pitched, quay-
ering voice as she turned toward a gray-haired individual,
quite as gaunt as herself, who sat in the rocking-chair with
‘is hands on the arms. Mary bowed.
“ Make ye’sef at home,” quavered the old man.
The visitor took a chair set for her and for a moment
mentally compared thecouple with the Hogans. “Prosperity
has made the Hogans rosy and robust in their old age, and
adversity has made these people sothin and sad that even
their late advances cannot undo the sorrow of years,” she
mused, for Mary was a sort of philosopher; she studied
people much as she studied books; she believed in her ab-
solute right to read them all. She was none the less per-
sistent in her study because she occasionally found her first
perusal incorrect. “I'he old couple stared at her quietly as
she drew off her gloves, but she was not in the least embar-
rassed ; it is the searching gaze of those who are near our
own age that throws us off our guard; we must believe that
there is interest as well as curiosity before we tremble and
redden.
“Mr. Hogan said you had a sewing-machine that needed
repair,” she said, quietly.
“ Well, I can’t say as it needs repair,” said the old man,
eluding his sentence with a short, dry cough. “It’s a
Bran new one, but Sarah don’t know how to work it. She
thought maybe as you could show her.”
“T can do plain sewin’ on it, as long as it works right,”
added the old lady, “but it’s when it don’t work right that
I don’t know jest what to do.”
“T shall be glad to help you in any way I can,” said Mary,
“I am ready to get to work at any time.” ;
The old lady wheeled the machine from its corner into the
light of a west window, and laid aside the cover.
“Tt is an elegant machine—a beauty,” said Mary. That
sentence won the old lady’s heart ; a bright smile played over
her wan, meagre features; she had owned so few pretty or
valuable things; praise of any of her possessions was sweet


