GETTING ACQUAINTED. 321
“ Goin’ down to Milroy to raise thunder; come and go
‘long,” said Jennings.
«After you've worked hard all week, you're goin’ to blow
in all you've earned in about twenty-four hours, I s’pose,”
was Mose’s answer.
“Well, Mose, we’ve got tohave some fun as we go
along.”
«Why don’t you stay here and have fun? You can have
just as much of it, and it won’t cost you anything. Then
you'll feel lots better on Monday than you will if you lay
round the back door of a saloon all day Sunday.”
“T s’pose you'll preach to us if we stay, Mose?” asked
Hank Sands.
“ Anything to suit the crowd.”
“Well, Mose, if that’s yer lay-out, you might give us a
few words right now. Jest git up on that box there, and
go to tootin’,” said Griff.
Mose, to the surprise of all, got up. He took for a text
that part of the fourteenth verse of the second chapter of
Ecclesiastes which reads: “The wise man’s eyes are in his
head; but the fool walketh in darkness.” Then without a
word that could have offended the most orthodox ear, and
still without any touch of piety, he delivered a raking
harangue upon the folly of reckless expenditure on the part
of those who toil. He set forth at great length the idleness
and luxury in which the saloon element is supported by the
sweat-dampened dollars of its victims, He explained to the
men how they were laying up want, disease and vagrancy
for their old age; how they were throwing away in the pur-
chase of these curses the money that might found for them-
selves comfortable homes. is remarks, merciless and
caustic in the highest degree, spared no one; he commended
all honest pastime, but scourged without moderation all in-
jurious folly. He sat down after its completion as if nothing
unusual had taken place. Everet wore a pleased smile, but
only the boldness of the thing saved the others from furious
anger. They were half charmed in spite of themselves.
After a short and breathless silence, Jennings said in a
mocking tone:
“Tm goin’ to pass the hat. Mose ought to be paid for
that.” He threw a leather washer into his hat as a begin-
ning; but Griff Henry to whom he next passed the hat,
threw in a silver dollar, thinking to embarrass the forward
boy. Lat took out the washer and threw in another dollar,
21
