EXPERIENCES. 213
“He’s never done nothin’ that required courage. I don’t
doubt he’s been up to lots of sneakin’ meanness though.
Women are his game—women and other critters that he
ain’t afraid of.”
“He’s liable to find some women one of these days that
he’ll be afraid of,” said Mary with flashing eyes.
“He’s a selfish maverick. He considers the whole world
jest a range fer him to run over and hunt what he likes.
He bellers and blows about what he can do and then when
he sees anything bigger nor he is comin’ he’ll let down his
horns and stampede. I’ve seen sech cattle before, and I tell
you I like to see ’em run off the range. Huntin’ victims is
the cussedest bizness there is. They ain’t one of us here that
couldn’t find plenty of victims if we'd only go to huntin’
’em; but when we make the mistake of doin’ that our hides
aren’t fit for nothin’ but shoe leather. Blind as humanity is,
it does harm and makes misery enough when it does the best
it can. But when it gits to spendin’ its time huntin’ people
that for some reason or other ain’t got sence enough to take
care of theirselves, its gittin’ mighty contemptible. Sech
people are jest cow thieves workin’ on human timber. They
run into the human herds and sneak off all they can coax or
drive, generally selectin’ calves, cause they are young and
easy fooled, and run ’em away from peace and content into
the eat-off ranges of misery and sin, And if they ever do
come back, they’re so thin ‘and poor they can’t take care of
theirselves, and the sleek, fat stock runs ’em off again. I
tell you, Missus, sometimes I think it’s almost a pity people
ever ris to the amount of intelligence that enables ’em to be
so mean. I’ve seen people in my time that was jest as
indifferent to sufferin’ as so many dumb brutes. The most
of people, Missus, is so human that they forget to be humane.
They may take offense at a lick they see some critter give
another with his hand, and never take no notice of a blow
that blasts a critter for life. Well, I must go out and give
them calves some hay.”
‘When he had gone, Iola said:
“Mary, do you believe many women would ever fall in
love with that Jennings ?”
“Tt is just as Mr. Hall said, Iola. By making ourselves
sufficiently low and then hunting, we can all find_vic-
tims. I believe that is Jennings’s trade. Of course I do
not believe his representations, but I know from his move
