10 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
results and both broncho and rider were weary. The former
walked slowly along, occasionally turning her head slightly
toward the country below her, and requiring on the part of
her rider a slight pressure of the rein upon her neck. Her
dark bay flanks were soiled with dust that lay upon lines of
perspiration ; her very nostrils seemed clogged, and the oc-
casional vigorous snorts which she gave was evidently an effort
to clear them.’ Her beautiful head and graceful neck hung
low ; in her bright eye alone remained ambition and anima-
tion.
The person of the rider inspired searching interest rather
than instant admiration. Either man or woman would have
found in him a subject for intense and fascinating study.
The face was fine, yet scarcely handsome; it was too pro-
nounced, too aggressive for beauty ; there was more of will-
power and decision than of comeliness. His face would have
been fair but for exposure to the scorching Colorado sun ; the
eyes were blue, intense and searching; they were fearless
without insolence—almost without complete self-confidence ;
they were not small, yet the heavy, prominent brows above
them made them appear so, save when their intense gaze was
centered. A wide-brimmed gray felt hat pushed slightly
back from a broad wrinkled forehead showed afurze of short,
straight, light brown hair. The nose was fully up to the aver-
age size and was slightly irregular. The cheek bones were just
perceptible ; the mouth was strong and determined, with lips
that shut firmly together and seldom relaxed; the upper lip
was wreathed with a short mustache a shade lighter than the
furze of hair that showed beneath the hat. His not slim, not
stout person, was clothed in a complete suit of buckskin;
the shirt was trimmed down the front with a double row of
cut fringe; a single row of the same garniture adorned the
outside seam of each pantaloon leg. Instead of the dainty
high-heeled boot, which most cowboys sport he wore mocca-
sins. A silk handkerchief combining very homely shades of
red and blue was tied about his well-tanned neck. His
clothing seemed arranged for comfort and convenience rather
than for appearance. Many beads were missing from the
elaborate pattern on his moccasins, and the fringe upon his
clothing was in several places torn loose and hanging. A
pair of gloves stood half out of a pocket, while the sun was
taking full liberty with his already browned, calloused hands.
A huge coil of weather-beaten rope hung at his saddle horn,
and a rolled slicker was tied in one of the numerous strings
