12 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
The rider gained confidence.
“ Well, did you notice among ’em a fine red and white
spotted yearlin’ heifer, branded half circle Z O on the left
hip, and with a cancelled triangle bar on her right shoulder ?
She had an underbit in her right ear and a lump on her nose.”
The lady smiled—an amused, interested, delicious smile.
“T’m a stranger here,” she said. “I don’t know much about
brands 3 I’ve heard of them, but never thought to notice
them.’
“A stranger?” be echoed. “ Why, don’t you teach this
school ? ”
“Yes, sir; but I’ve only been in the state five weeks;
T’ve only been in the neighborhood a week.”
“ Well! ButIsuppose your folks all live out here.” Many
a man feigns ignorance in order to bring about a desired con-
versation.
“No, I have not a relative—not even an acquaintance—
in the state. Iam here for my health.” Then she feared
that she was becoming too confidential—these cowboys were
bad, dangerous men; everybody back East said so—so she
added quickly, “But I haven’t noticed your—cow—I don’t
remember any spotted ones.”
“‘That’s odd. There are generally pretty plenty of spotted
ones. You couldn’t tell me of any one else that’s seen her?
You might have heard the folks where you stay say some-
thing.”
“J haven’t heard her mentioned.” Then she made a
movement to enter the house.
“Well, I won't keep you waitin’—but if you’d happen to
see her and notice the brand, I’d like for you to send me
word, She’s a fine animal, and I’d hate to lose her. I
bought her, and I haven’t got my brand on her yet. I be-
lieve I told you she had a lump on her nose?”
“Yes, sir; and if I see her, I’ll tell some of the neighbors
and tell them to tell you.” Again she approached the door.
The rider turned his mare toward the settlement, but paused
to add:
“She’s been runnin’ with a roan Texas maverick two years
old, and an American cow branded an the left side with a
bar eleven. The cow’s red. She'll most likely be with
them.”
“Yes, sir; I’ll watch for her.”
“All right 5 you can send word to the Bar Eleven ranche.
Good-bye.” He spoke to his broncho, and just touched her
