THE ROUNDUP. 17
upon his back was galloping away to where four mounted
men were holding a large herd of quietly grazing cattle.
“Go in to supper, boys,” shouted Jim, as he approached
the two upon the hitherside. ‘ They’re quiet ; I can hold’em.
If they make a start let some of the other boys be ready to
come out and help.”
The men needed no second invitation. With a light
touch of the spur they were off for camp. Jim rode round
the herd and sent away the other two watchers. Neither
was there any hesitation in their going. Jim bore the rep-
utation throughout those hills of “a natural born cowman.”
All the other cowboys felt that when Jim arrived upon the
scene that whatever emergency was present was fully met.
The group that now surrounded the fire was an interest-
ing one. Sixteen men displayed almost as many different
positions. There was great freedom of attitude and perhaps
too great freedom of speech. Profanity is by no means un-
known in a cow camp. ‘Three elderly men who were present
wore coats, vests and suspenders; but be it distinctly re-
membered that these were cattle owners who were assisting
in the rounding-up of their stock, and not in any sense cow-
boys. The latter were dressed with considerable, though by
no means complete, uniformity. There was not a pair of
suspenders nor a vest to the entire thirteen, and the slickers
tied to the different saddles that lay scattered about were
the nearest approach to coats. They wore broad hats at all
sorts of angles; there was one shirt of buckskin—the others
were of flannel or handsome cloth more or less elaborately
decorated, some with tucks, but most with colored machine
done embroidery. They wore blue or brown cotton overalls
and over these chaparejos made of brown or’ yellow leather
trimmed with fringe of the same material. Only two were
without the leather chaparejos; these had the useful articles
constructed of bearskin in its natural color and state. The
easy fitting clothing showed to splendid advantage many a
fine form; but this muscular perfection was in several in-
stances marred byaslight tendency to stoop, caused by long
continued saddle exercise. Scarcely a man of them all was
without a revolver.
One of the groups that formed about the fire for the pur-
pose of conversation or bantering was composed of Stanley
Lancaster, Hen Hall, Penobscot Bill, and Kid. Now the
Kid hada name. His cognomen came from his being the
most youthful-looking man in camp. He was nineteen years
