THE ROUNDUP. 19
tell you IT intend to break so many a heart, that you'll get
ashamed of yourself, and lay your discouraged soul to rest
beneath the surging waters of the Gaston. But I won’t
interfere with the action of the little school-marm’s heart ;
she’s to be the bright, particular star that’s to light my
flower-strewn pathway. Gimme some more beans, Hen.”
Hen took the tin plate out of Stanley’s lap and proceeded
to the bean-pot, whither he was going to replenish his own
stock.
“ Want a spud, too, Kid ?” he asked.
“No; don’t like spuds unless they’re boiled inside their
slickers. They get water-soaked when they’re cooked any
other way.” The cook had upon this occasion peeled the
potatoes and cooked them with the beef.
“ Now, look here, Kid,” said Lancaster, “they say that
little school-marm’s both pretty and proud. Pride must
have a fall. Her heart must be broken. Now, if you refuse
to take the job, I must try my hand. The thing’s got to be
done. Sabe?” And Stanley finished off with his long,
musical little laugh.
Kid whetted his knife against his boot-leg, and shook it
under Lancaster’s nose. The knife was his only weapon;
he was one of the few who had no reyolver. Lancaster rose,
gave him a good-natured kick, and went in search of the
coffee supply.
Hen Hall threw away a goodly sized piece of beef-rib
which he had been picking, set down his plate, and drank
the last of his coffee. Then he drew out a huge pocket-
knife, opened it, wiped the blade upon his chaparejos, and
began to pick his ungainly yellow teeth.
“ B’lieve I'll go out an’ help Jim,” he said, as he closed
the knife and put it into his pocket. “The Scriptures says,
‘Bear ye one another’s burdens.’ I calkilate, from Jim’s
looks, that he’s got a middlin’ heavy load on, somehow. Jim
didn’t look right to-night. It’s gittin’ bout the time of year
for mountain fever.”
“ Girl fever,” suggested Kid.
Hen yawned. He tolerated Kid—so did every one else—
but he felt that the latter ought to recognize the fact that
people got tired. He walked slowly out to where the ponies
were grazing, and went straight up to a beautiful little sorrel
mare. He placed an arm round her neck, and drew his long
red fingers through her silky mane. He held the other hand
to her mouth; she searched it, and found something to her
