80 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
to the hat-brim. Then Jim stooped and drank in the fashion
he had already described. By this time the rest of the party
were clambering down the bank ; they had found a discarded
salmon can, left by some previous visitors to the cave, and
from this they drank. ‘The girls insisted that Mary drink
again, believing that she could not have enjoyed her new-
fashioned goblet suticiontly to induce her to fully quench
her thirst ; but they were mistaken. Mary loved novelty,
and had been secretly pleased at getting to drink out of the
hat of a strange and dreadful cowboy; so she declined the
salmon can. ‘They returned to the cave mouth and prepared
to descend. The opening is a vertical shaft some four feet
deep, from which leads a sharply inclined, narrow gallery.
The candles were lighted and all advanced.
“Now who is first ?”’ asked Stanley, as he stood at the
dark and frowning mouth. “ Remember, now, two murdered
men found in here, and their ghosts are always seen at two
in the morning, and two in the afternoon; it’s fifteen
minutes of two now,” and he closed his elegant watch.
All clamored to be first, and there ensued a good-natured
scuffle. Emma Chase and Charlie Ford were in the lead,
when in some mysterious manner, Mary found herself in the
grasp of Stanley, his arm round her waist, being hurried to
the entrance.
“Come on, Miss Fleming, let’s be first anyhow,” he said.
Mary was half angry at this rudeness, and in trying to free
herself, slipped and fell feet foremost into the ¢ave, then slid
some fifteen feet or more down the incline before coming to
a stop. She uttered no cry, but rising began trying to
steady her nerves. She heard murmurs and exclamations
without, and then advancing steps. In an instant Jimstood
beside her, white and scowling in the light of his candle.
“Tm not hurt at all,” she said quickly.
“Tt might have killed you,” he said with a hoarse, fierce
voice.
“But it didn’t, you see. My dress is soiled, but that is
the extent of damage,” she said, as she shook and brushed
her skirt, and tried to laugh off her companion’s fury. The
entire party soon came up ; Stanley was profuse in his apolo-
gies ; Mary was gracious, but Jim still lowered.
“Well, I was first into the cave, anyhow, that’s one vic-
tory,” said Mary, with a laugh that freed the strained nerves
of all, and the equanimity of the party was restored. The
gallery in which they stood was walled with red marble, the
