STRIRNGE EVENTS. 85
goin’ to get a move on in that direction while the women
take things so cool. If the women would keep ding-dongin’
at ’em all the time, they’d wake up and do something.”
“ Custom and society have kept us down till we have no
spirit,” faltered Mary.
“ Well, ’'ve seen women that had plenty of spirit that
used. it all against their friends,” said Jim, coolly.
Mary felt as if Jim was getting the best of things, and
that the conversation might be more agreeable to her if
changed, so she said, as graciously as possible:
“Mr. Madnau, I tried to get Mr. Hogan to tell me why
they call Mr. Hammin ‘Penobscot Bill,’ and Mr. Ford
‘ Broncho Charlie.” He did not give me any satisfaction.
Now, why do they call them those names ?”
“ Well, it’s a sort of habit in a new country. There are
nearly always a few toughs that have left the Kast and come
out here that are either bad men or want people to think they
are. Sometimes they don’t want their names known, and if
you ask ’em, they tell you some first name like Tom, or Bill,
or Charlie, or something, and good fellers take the habit
from them, and lots of times just give first names. Some
peculiarity gets hitched on to that name, and when it gets
there once, it stays. Now Charlie Ford is the best hand to
break bronchos in the whole valley, and that’s how he got
his name. Bill Hammin came from some little town back in
the States—I think it’s this side the Mississippi somewhere,
but I’m not sure. He used to talk so much about the place
when he first struck camp, that the name froze to him, and
he can’t shake it off.”
“ And the Kid ?”
“ Well, we call him Kid because he és a kid and acts like
one. He’s only nineteen.”
“TI wish I was nineteen again,” sighed Mary.
“You do ? How old are you?” (without the least idea
of impropriety).
“ Twenty-one.”
“ Twenty-one ? I’m twenty-eight, but I don’t wish I was
nineteen. I have not got through my life very well, but I’ve
got over some rough roads safe, and if I had to go over ’em
again I might not do so well as I have, There’s some
things in my present life that I’d lots rather see remedied
than to go back over the past. If people would use the time
that they put in kickin’ about the past to improve the pres-
ent, there’d be less bad past to kick about.” Just then it
