STILL STRANGER EVENTS. 95
“Well, I suppose I may as well out with it. Kate got to
buckin’ and raisin’ the mischief back yonder a ways, and I
was mad, and I cut her shoulder with ’em. Then I saw
what a fool I’d been, and I threw ’em away.”
“ Well, don’t tell any one just where you threw them, Mr.
Madnau.”
“Why ?”
“Because I don’t want my schoolboys to leave school to
drag the bed of Trelawna for silver.”
“Oh !—um!”
“ And here’s a present for you.” She drew from beneath
her jacket a soft gray roll which, shook out, proved to be a
sombrero. In reaching for the hat, Jim showed his face to
the moonlight; it was white and agitated. He walked on
in silence a few moments, then said unsteadily :
“T’ve got a devil of a temper.”
‘So have I,” said Mary, in so much agitation that she
failed to recognize the fact that she was indorsing very ques-
tionable language. Theonly other words spoken during this
journey were when after Jim had lifted her from the saddle at
the Hogan gate, they gave each other an agitated good-night.
When Mary went into the house, the Hogans were at
supper. Mary took her place, apologizing roundly for her
tardiness.
“T reckon you’ve had a good time, Mary,” said Mr. Hogan.
“O, just splendid! ”
“Smart girl.”
“Yes, indeed. I never met any one I liked better.”
“Mary,” said the old gentleman, looking cautiously round
the room as if searching for eavesdroppers; “don’t you let
Amy get away with you.”
“Why, what do you mean by that?”
“JT mean jest what I say. Amy likes Jim pretty well
herself, and she likes his money better. And it just occurred
to me this evenin’, when Harriet told me she'd been here,
that maybe she wouldn’t a made this call if it hadn’t been
you and Jim was keepin’ company.”
“Oh, Mr. Hogan! She’s the last gir ”
“Yes, yes, Mary, 1 know. But don’t mention what I’ve
said to nobody. Jest hold on to Jim, and don’t let anybody
get in ahead of you.”
“But what if I don’t want Jim ?”
“Well, you’d better wanthim. You stand a mighty sight
of chances of doin’ worse.”

