SO MANY RIATAS ARE THROWN. 103
of the time. It’s nearly time to start for Sunday-school. Vil
have to go up to my room for some powder. Do you want
some ? ”
“I never use it.”
“ Well, I do. You can look at those views while ’m
gone.”
During the absence of Amy, Mrs. Chellis slipped into the
parlor and had another little talk with Mary, detailing to her
her sad trials with hired girls and hired men. They had in
this western country such a way of setting themselves up as
equals to their employers; and girls were so scarce; and
when you got a good one, she was so apt to overlook your
interests, and marry the hired man and set up for herself.
The whole programme was so annoying, that unless a woman
was able to do her own work, she was positively foolish to
marry and undertake to keep house. She would hate to see
Amy marry, just on that account.
Amy here appeared in cloak and bonnet. Mary donned
her wraps, and arranged her hair at the large mirror in the
hall. The girls entered the phaeton and drove off. The two
gentlemen were walking ahead of them. Mrs. Chellis sel-
dom attended the Sunday-school, because of the necessity of
overseeing her household arrangements. The girls soon
passed the gentlemen, and in a short time arrived at the
church. Mary, although the day had not been as pleasant
as she had expected it would be, was quite willing that the
crowd should know she came with Amy Chellis.
After services were over, the two girls threaded their way
out through the crowd of gentlemen who had managed to get
out of the door first, and who waited to see a man, or Tom
Jones, or Bill Smith, or somebody. Of course it was not the
girls they wanted to see. Talk about truthful people! Love
and deceit are quite as inseparable as early frosts and blues.
Jim and Stanley were among the individuals who had
to see a man. There must have been a crowd between
them and the man they wanted to see, because the girls got
into the phaeton without assistance, and drove away. Mary
could not resist an impulse to look back. The two young
men were in their saddles, following at a brisk pace. Mary
stated this fact to Amy, and the latter began to check the
speed of her horse.
“ What are you slowing him for ? ” asked Mary.
“Why, if they want to catch up, it’s a shame not to let
them,” answered Amy.
