114 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
while they was doin’ ’em, too. Now, Dan Hopkins tells me
that sewin’-machine’s out of order again, and his wife would
like to have you come and fix it. Jim went to Milroy again
this mornin’, and from the kind of treatment he’s been gettin’
out here, I wouldn’t be surprised if he’d stay down there a
while. So I don’t think you’ll meet him.”
“Do you—are you sure Jim is all right, Mr. Hogan ?”
asked Mary, as she donned her wraps.
“Some people would doubt the reputation of a saint,”
savagely muttered Mr. Hogan. He did not generally rate
Jim so highly, but he was just now laboring under very heavy
excitement, and to have his protégé’s goodness called into
question was too much.
Mary was soon talking with Mrs. Hopkins in Jim’s
sitting-room. She was shown into a little guest-chamber off
this room, that was flooded with warmth that flowed through
the open door from the pifion wood that burned abundantly
in the sitting-room fire-place. The old lady explained that
she had wheeled the machine in here to prevent Penobscot
Bill elevating his feet upon it, as he had done once ina
moment of tarantula-tea induced enthusiasm. The old lady
employed different language, but thus Jim would have inno-
cently described the incident. The old lady explained the
refractory behavior of her favorite, and then went out to get
supper. Mary closed the door almost to, leaving only a nar-
row space to admit warmth, as she did not want to be dis-
turbed. She had well-nigh completed her work, when she
heard the front-door open and steps sound on the floor.
Chairs were drawn up to the fire; then she heard a voice,
which she knew to be Stanley’s, say :
“ So Milroy’s dull, eh ?” ,
“ Yes; everything’s dull now,” said a heavy, discontented
voice she knew to belong to Jim.
“ Everything but Amy Chellis, eh? ”
“ Humph.”
_ “Well, Jim, I suppose you’ve about made up your mind
in that direction. I’ve made up mine in another. I’ve con-
cluded to marry the little school-marm.”
“You have?” Mary felt that it was her duty to inform
these gentlemen of her presence, but it was so far from her
inclination that she only quaked and sat still.
“ Yes,” said Stanley; “I’ve got to marry some time, and
she suits me better than any of the others, Mother's getting
