THE RIATA IS SECURELY TIED. 119
fidence in herself she was willing to trust herself to her res-
cuer for a while. So she only said in a low tone: “Do as
you think best. Ill be glad to have it over with.” Ina
few minutes talk became sprightly again. The suspense
that had induced bated breath was gone and the nerve pres-
sure lifted. :
“Do you mean that Amy asked you to take her riding
that day ?” she asked.
“Well, she just as good as asked me.”
“ Horrible!” said Mary with alittle shudder.
“No, I don’t agree with you,” said Jim. “I didn’t ex-
actly like the way she did because I didn’t enjoy her com-
pany, and didn’t want to take her. But I’d be glad if
women were considered to have the same right ’bout selectin’
their company and their lifemates that men have. Now
sometimes a man would be glad to have a girl’s company
and is too bashful to ask her. She may like him very well,
but she knows society won’t let her ask him. He waits till
he gets older and gets a little more courage, and maybe then
this girl he liked has married some fellow that was all
cheek, and he’s got to take his chances with what’s left. I
say let whichever one is the best at talkin’ do the askn’,
There’d be lots more happy couples if.one had thesame right
to talk plain as the other. Now it was awful hard for me to
get started to talkin’ to you about this; I’ve had it on m
tongue to say hundreds of times—almost—and I used to wis
like everything you’d start it.”
“Oh! Oh!”
“Well, I'd been glad if you had. Now the way things are
now, @ woman hasn’t half a chance. If a woman has a pref-
erence, society won’t let her tell it, when maybe if she’d
make some advances, she and the man she loves would both
be happy. The way things are now, lots of good women sit
year after year waitin’ for the lover that never comes, and
wind up by being objects of scorn, when in reality they’re
almost saints at heart. Then some of the meanest men get
some of the best women, just because they’ve got the cheek
to rush in where angels hesitate about invadin’. I tell you
things need squarin’ up pretty badly. A love match is so
scarce the way things are now, that nothing but deceit keeps
up lots of peoples’ professions of love. A woman has no
choice in anything; all that is left to her is chance, and it’s
generally a blamed poor chance at that. If I was a woman
