120 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
T’d how] like a pack of coyotes but what I gota little decent
recognition.”
“ Yes, and then they’d call you a bold, strong-minded, un-
womanly jade, ” said Mary, who had had some experience in
arguments with her Uncle Bluecut’s family.
“T’d rather they’d call me strong-minded than weak-
minded,” said Jim. “Look here, now; we give the most
credit for the gainin’ of our national independence, and for
the freein’ of the slaves, to the ones who made the most noise,
and did the most work. We call the ones that sat back and
petted the old institutions the hardest kind of names. Now
this is the old question over again. Some day the freedom
of women will be recorded in history, and the credit will fall
to those that are humpin’ themselves at work, and takin’ all
sorts of ignorant insults now.”
The pair soon arrived at the Circle Bar ranche, the property
of Mr. J. C. Talbert and his two sons. The Talberts were
among the wealthiest residents of Milroy City. The ranche
was in the care of a cowboy, known as Texas Ike, but the
two Talbert boys were always on hand at the round-ups.
The house at the ranche was a tumble-down adobe, always
teeming with cowboys. There was nothing particular to be
seen, but the ride was a pleasant one, and commanded some
fine scenery; then the ranche was a stopping-point on the
main road over Dwightmere Pass. Jim and Mary paid their
respects to Texas Ike, who was lying at full length on the
sunny side of the house, absorbing as much warm weather
as possible, so as to be prepared for the snow and ice that
changeful Colorado might display on the shortest notice.
Ike was quite friendly, and accepted in excellent good humor
Jim’s polite refusal to come in and take a drink. Perhaps
he would have the jug brought out, then? No? Perhaps
then the lady would have a “little sompthing?” The lady
took her cue from Jim, and answered very politely that just
then she cared for nothing to drink. Jim then invited Ike
to call at the Bar Eleven ranche, and to bring along with
him the seven cowboys who stood around in generally sus-
penderless state, and galloped away with his companion.
The next evening Jim brought a buggy and took Mary to
Milroy City. Saddles do very well for single people, but to
a recently married couple they are rather suggestive of dis-
tance. Mary told her intention to the Hogans before start-
ing. Her brain was in such a whirl that she realized but
