a DISCOVERY. 129
on a sudden pity; “we, the strong, have all the power, and
you, the weak, have none; the law places you utterly in our
power, to bless or to blast as we choose. We, who have all
the natural power are given all the artificial power as well.
As Hen Hall says, ‘To him that hath, shall be given; but
from him that hath not, shall be taken away, even that which
he hath.’ Queer things in this world.”
After this language lesson, Jim got along very well when
alone with Mary ; he paid due respect to present participles,
and did away with many of his choicest phrases. Of course
this cost effort, but Mary had little caressing ways of even-
ing up accounts that always made Jim feel that the effort
was worth making. But there was no use combatting time-
honored custom when among the cowboys. In the old
associations the old language would unconsciously break out
and hold high carnival until Jim would note the worried
look on his wife’s face, and for some few minutes mend mat-
ters. But the reforms were of brief duration. Mary at last
concluded that time alone could cure him, and resolved to
let things take their course.
She furthermore learned that her husband had a system of
measuring heights and distances, as well as hay in the stack,
not to be found in any book she had studied. He had
studied them out himself, and when she tested them, she
found them invariably correct. This originality puzzled her,
but it caused the respect of the student to flow in the same
channels with the admiration of the romancer and the love
of the wife.
“ Jim,” she said one day, after learning that he did not
object to counsel, “Mr. Hogan says you swear sometimes.”
“ He didn’t say swear, did he ?
“He said you cussed.”
“ Wellé I do, a little, sometimes. When a man swears,
he’s at it so much that it gets to be a habit, but if he cusses,
he only breaks out when he’s mad. There’s a difference,
you see.”
‘“‘But it’s wrong, Jim; and it’s useless and foolish, too.”
‘But it’s such a habit, Mary. Nearly everybody does
it,”
‘But please don’t be like everybody, Jim. I don’t like
everybody. You're unlike other men, and I want you to be
more 80, Be yourself.” Then she twined her arms round
him and laid her head on his breast.
““Missionary among the wild men,” said Jim, softly, as be
