ACTION UNDER THE RIATA. 135
For Iola had dreadful opinions of the inhabitants of this
far west clime; she felt that the closest watch would be nec-
essary to insure her personal safety ; for had she not read
that tyranny was their trade and murder their pastime?
She was willing to come, of course; the change meant ad-
venture and variety; but personal safety was to be jealously
guarded. As soon as Jim left the room, Iola said:
“Why, Mary, weren’t you afraid to marry a cowboy ?”
“No; you'll marry one yet,” said her sister, coolly.
“ But I thought they were such bad men.”
“So did I, at first. And some of them are. But they’re
just like other men. Some are good and some are not.”
Then the two sisters had a long talk of their good Aunt
Sally, and Uncle Jake, and their obnoxious Aunt Ellen, and
Uncle Bluecut, and all the people whom they had known in
their old home. Asa consequence supper was rather late.
When the men filed into the sitting-room they were intro-
duced to Iola. At the table, Penobscot Bill opened forth in
a style that bade fair to end his echo career, asking the new
arrival with many a coquettish shake of his stiff curls,
concerning her long and lone journey. Iola decided to be
very affable, and win the dangerous creature over at once.
“Yes, sir,” she said, “I had one real adventure. At Grass
City I was puzzled about which train I should take. I
hurried across the track to where I saw a train in waiting.
A young gentleman in magnificent apparel accosted me and
inquired where I was going to. I answered that I desired
to go to Milroy City. He told me that my train was just
starting out. He seized my valise and we ran to a moving
train. He lifted me upon the platform, threw my valise
after me, and lifted his hat.”
“He might have deceived you;” said Mary, who was
losing some of her credulity. Then Bill tolda long string of
adventures, some of which caused Kid to smile slyly behind
aslice of bread. He gave his dust-colored curls a fearful
shake as he said in conclusion :
“The people that really gits adventures, Miss, is the ones
that goes where adventures is to be had. Now, whena young
gal like you goes round the range alone, adventures Jest
nat’ly foller on her trail. Gimme smlasses, Hen.” Hen
passed the molasses pitcher, and while Bill was smearing his
moustache with a portion of its contents, the conversation
became general. After supper the two ladies washed the
dishes, and then played and sang for the pleasure of the
