160 THE ADMINISTRATRIYX.
rose and joined in the second, the old man bursting out in
loud snorts of laughter, and the old lady screaming with
mirth. Even Hen Hall guffawed as Kid, by an effort of
legerdemain celerity, succeeded in slipping under Penobscot
Bill and causing that gentleman to fall sideways and lay
the wealth of his curls in Mrs. Hogan’s lap. It was decided
to extend the invitations to the next literary evening so that
there would be enough ladies to dance a set or two. Amy
Chellis had gone back to the city with Amelia, and Mr,
Mopely had left Aspen Creek, in consequence of his school
being closed. It was decided to invite the Chase girls and
Stanley Lancaster, aud to have original story telling for the
bill of fare. Of course the Chase girls could not tell
stories. They belonged to the large family, who when at
parties sit back and look at people, no matter how badly
they are needed in the entertaining. But they could dance,
and so it was decided to invite them. The time was set at
two weeks from the song evening.

CHAPTER XX.
THE CROOKEDNESS OF FATE.
Tue literary evening at Madnaus’ held until near twelve
o’clock, and as a consequence the household was late astir in
the morning. Mary arose witha mind soaring in triumph.
Her evening had been a brilliant success. She had soft-
ened wonderfully toward Lat Jennings; she had been sar-
castic and even rude to him the week before, but since he
had rescued her from a dull party by manfully starting the
ball which all others refused to start, she could see manli-
ness and gentility all over him. She resolved to treat him
with the greatest consideration while at the breakfast table.
But how often the fates contrive, etc.
She hurried into the kitchen whither Iola had not yet ap-
peared, and stooped over the fire which Jim had just
kindled. Her face was gaining in color and character and
was losing none of its old-time animation. She no longer
coughed. As she filled the tea-kettle from the pail Hen Hall
brought in, Iola entered the room.
ia We must hurry breakfast, Iola; it is dreadfully late,” she
8al
