THE CROOKEDNESS OF FATE. 161
Iola had evidently had too much enjoyment the evening
before. She pouted.
“T hate cooking,” she said. “ Why don’t you make Jim
hire a girl. He’s able to, a dozen times over.”
“T don’t want any girl but you. It isn’t best for me to
be perfectly idle and I don’t desire to be. As long as we
hire the washing done we don’t have to work hard. Jim
wanted to hire me a girl in the first place, but I wanted to
give youa home. I want you to teach next winter and then,
of course, I’ll hire a girl.”
“T wish people could live without work.
“JT don’t. The necessity of work is the secret of all im-
provement.” Mary here found it necessary to go upstairs
tor a supply of clean towels. She tried to laugh off her
vexation at lola, for she knew that young lady well enough
to know that she would be penitent in two minutes, laugh-
ing in four, and singing like a lark in six. The arithmet-
ical progression of Jola’s moods was well fixed in her mind.
But when in passing through the men’s sleeping room on
her way to the clothes closet, she endeavored to dodge Hen
Halls chaparejos as they lay upon the floor, and in so doing
stumbled over Kid’s every-day boots and came near stabbing
herself to the heart on Penobscot Bill’s spurs that lay con-
cealed under Lat Jenning’s cast-off shirt, she lost patience.
It was only an incident, however, and she went downstairs
loaded with towels and struggling against rising ill-will to-
ward the gentlemen of her household.
But the worst was yet to happen. While Iola was sing-
ing over the oatmeal-kettle, Mary took a cream pitcher in one
hand and a milk pitcher in the other and went to the milk
house. It will be remembered that the Hopkinses had
charge of Jim’s cows, but Mary had had a little stone build-
ing created where the milk of two cows was kept for the
family table. As she opened the door a terrible sight met
her eyes. Bertie Herron and the cat sat upon a bench
beside an open milk can. The cat was industriously lapping
cream while Bertie was feeding himself the same luxury
with apiece of shingle. Mary gave vent to a despairing cry,
which every housekeeper knows came right from her heart.
She seized the fragment of shingle, shook the cream off
it and then employed it to give Bertie a sound spanking,
after which she bundled him and his partner in pilfering
out of the door.
“What are you in my milk house for? _And why do you
