172 THE ADMINISTRATRLX.
herd had him down before he knew what he was doing, and
the rest were coming at full speed. He lay flat on the
ground, his face toward the advancing multitude, and “turn-
ing both his six shooters loose at ’em, turned ’em aside”
and kept himself from being crushed into a jelly. They all
ran past, but not a hoof was set upon him.
Jim wriggled uneasily in his chair.
“How did you know there were fifteen thousand head,
Sammie? Did you count ’em as they flew past?” asked
Kid.
“T knowed the herd.”
“Say, Sammie there’s a Bible story that beats that ’un;
you ort to read it,” said Hen.
“T’ve read the Bible ; what’s the story about? ”
“Tt’s the story of Ananias and Sapphira.”
“Well, I don’t jest remember how it goes; I’ve read it,
though.”
“You ought to have been a soldier, Mr. Jennings; you
should not waste your military strategy on herds of cattle ;”
said Mary, with a very sweet look.
“T’ve been a soldier, Mrs. Madnau; was in the Kansas
State Guards six months. It was when they was lookin’ for
the Indians to break out.”
“Indeed,” answered Mary. “Perhaps it was while you
were in the service that this story got started: A chief
went to the Indian agent and tried to buy some rifles; the
agent suspected they were to be used against the whites, so
he asked :
“<Do you want these guns to kill the soldiers with?’
“¢No,’ answered the chief; ‘want gun to kill cowboy;
kill soldier with a club.’ ”
Lat blackened; he was now confident that the lady not
only did not return his affections, but that she desired to
make him ridiculous in the eyes of Iola as well. His face
was of purplish hue, and even his finger-nails seemed to be
bounded by darker semicircles. He flashed a menacing look
at Mary, and said angrily:
“Td jest like to know why it is that you’re always ready
to say somethin’ that’s throwin’ off on me? ”
Mary concluded it was time to change the subject. Jim
was pressing his boot warningly against her toe. Iola looked
frightened. So in very sweet tones she hegan to discuss a
question which had frequently been touched upon at table
before—the theory that persons sitting or standing near to-
