THE COWBOY AS. PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 183
“Saucy Eye fell upon the body of her lover, and wept and
moaned piteously. The elder Chuckleheads, knowing their
inability to punish the young and strong Lighthead, ran to
the individual who, because of his ability to whip every other
man in the tribe unless they doubled teams on him, consid-
ered himself, and was considered by others, chief. It was the
custom of these people to approach the chief on their knees,
so that if the old gentleman happened to be in a kicking hu-
mor they would not be subjected to so hard a fall. On their
knees the Chuckleheads approached and told their story.
Lighthead and Saucy Eye had followed, and now the whole
tribe came rushing up to the chief’s tree, taking care to fall
on their knees when at a proper distance. Now there was
no law against murder, and no one in that tribe had ever
been punished for killing afellow being. Besides this the
chief had a great regard for the residents of the big banyan
tree. :
But a painful incident had that very day happened in his
own household; one of his wives had in a moment of undue
nervous tension brained her infant son. The wife being out
of favor and the babe a favorite, the chief felt that action
ought to be taken. He conceived the idea of a general law
against murder. But this, while punishing the offending
wife, would also punish the admired Lighthead. But if the
wife were punished and Lighthead let go free, would not the
tribe see that a premium was placed upon the slaughter of
young men? d the chief had a grown son who was un-
equalled in finding a certain kind of root that was his father’s
choicest tidbit. What if some one would kill that son?
He decided it was best to establish the edict at once and to
execute the offenders immediately, regardless of the logic
that denounces the ex post facto methods. He called upon
the offenders to arise and defend themselves. Lighthead
was very self-confident.
“¢T’m not to blame for killing Weaver,’ he said. ‘He let
me kill him. Why didn’t he take care of himself ?’
‘«¢ And it was right for me to kill my baby,’ said the lady.
‘ He let me kill him. Why didn’t he take care of him-
self ?
“<But, said the sobbing Saucy Eye to Lighthead,
‘Weaver didn’t know you were going to kill him. Why
didn’t you tell him and give him a chance for his life ?’
“¢ Why,’ said Lighthead, swelling with indignation, ‘if
T’a told him, he wouldn’t have let me kill him. He’d have
