196 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
at us and it was that way all along the road. Well, when
we got to Cincinnati and got off the train, we started down
street, and first thing we done we met the police. We told
em all about how we’d come to start the way we did, and
they laughed like everything. We give ’em our revolvers
and they told us to go ahead and have our fun. We went
on down town, and before we’d gone two blocks we had all
the little boys in town follerin’ us. The women all had
their heads stuck out of the windows and the men all stood
watchin’ us as we went by. When we went past the pho-
tograph gallery the artist came out and asked us to go in
and have our pictures took, and said it wouldn’t cost us
nothin’. We went in, and after he’d took us in about half a
dozen different positions he give us one of each kind and
then let us go. We found a hotel and went in and fixed up
our togs, and then we went and called on my uncle. Well,
I thought his eyes would pop out of his head. But after he
got over his astonishment he took us round to see all the
big men, and they took us in and introduced us to their
families. Well, that trip did me good. Though I’ve
already explained to you that I didn’t set out to go in the
start—the boys put up a job on me and got me drunk—yet
I was always glad I went. I never saw such a pleased set
of people in my life as I saw watchin’ me and my partner in
that town.”
At the conclusion of this story Kid threw an enormous
paper wad which took effect in Gus Waite’s right eye. Gus,
either better humored or less injured than was Philip of
Macedon once upon a time, took the incident with extreme
good-nature. He had been near the exploding point before,
and this was too much; he burst into a loud fit of laughter,
in which the volatile Iola and the fun-loving Bella joined,
greatly to the horror of Mary, who feared every moment
that it would be necessary for her to go off ona similar ven-
ture also. She resolutely swallowed her hilarity and made a
few pointed remarks in a somewhat uncertain tone upon the
impropriety of young people laughing at the antics a cat
might perform in general society. Quiet and confidence
having been thus restored, Bella explained that she would
tell one of her mother’s stories. Mr. Hogan spoke his ap-
proval of this; he declared that Mrs. Martin’s stories
always had a point that was worth remembering.
