THE COWLOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 197
“THE CAGED TERRIER.”
“‘ There was once a lady who kept a pet terrier in a never-
opening cage. She found in his bright eyes and beautiful
glossy coat something to admire, to entertain her during her
idle hours, and in the creature himself something to berate
and scold when she got out of humor with the world.
“ This lady was greatly annoyed by mice. They came out
into her room, raced through her cupboard and over her
food, nibbled the corners of her choicest books, kept her
awake at night, made nests of the love letters she had re-
ceived from her now dead husband, cut her clothes, and
made her life a burden.
“‘Let me out and I’ll drive them away,’ pleaded the
terrier.
“* Dear me,’ answered the lady, ‘if you were free, you’d
be worse than the vermin.’
“¢No, no; I hate mice. I can run fast. I would drive
them all away.’
“<¢ But you’d get your clean coat soiled, racing about.’
“¢T think not, dear mistress. Room gives people more
chance for cleanliness than do close quarters.’
“¢But you won’t look well racing after mice. I’m the
person to drive ’em away,’ and the lady seized a broom and
made a terrible hubbub. The mice ran out of her way and
under chairs and boxes where she could not get at them.
She congratulated herself upon her success and sat down to
sew. Then the mice all ran out again. The lady was much
annoyed.
“¢ Please let me after them,’ pleaded the terrier.
“¢No, no, dear; but since they are so bad I’ll let you reason
with them.’
“The terrier reasoned. He tried moral suasion. With
tears in his eyes he explained to the mice that they were
doing wrong, and ought to change their ways. But the
mice frisked about and laughed in his face.
“0, if I was out of here awhile I’d make you run,’ spite-
fully exclaimed the terrier.
“¢Try a crusade,’ said the mistress.
“Then the terrier prayed and sang and shouted and sobbed
and wailed, but all to no avail. These performances only
made the mice saucier, and the terrier more anxious to get
out.
“¢You don’t go at things right,’ exclaimed the mistress ;
‘why don’t you organize ?’
