THE COWBOY AS PHILOSCPHER AND NOVELIST. 199
“THE STRANGE SOMETHING.”
“My imagination once travelled along to where an excited
group of men stood talking. In their midst lay a curious
object, by no means repulsive, but new and strange. It had
a great many corners, and looked as if the average person
would need to be careful in approaching it, lest he would run
against one of those sharp protuberances.
“Tt lay flat upon the ground because no one had the cour-
age to pick it up. Some few did mention shouldering it, but
there were always objections. One man said that his father,
were he alive, would disapprove. Another feared that his
political party would give him the cold shoulder. A third
would like to give it a lift, but there was a clause in his re-
ligious creed that did not coincide with this curiosity. An-
other feared that lifting it would shut himself and wife out
of the first circles and exclude them from the high teas, lofty
coffees, ante-Lent balls, New Year receptions, leap-year blow-
outs, fancy-dress balls, crazy suppers, pink teas, theater
parties, clambakes, and grab-bag socials of the cream of
society. Another would not risk it because one of the cor-
ners stuck out in such a way as to hit his selfishness when-
ever he approached. Another feared that one particularly
sharp corner would come in contact with his long established
habits. Another hesitated because a certain protuberance
would partially close the entrance to his pocket- book.
“A great many of the assembled declared that under no
circumstances would they shoulder it. They laughed quietly
and assured each other that it was supremely ridiculous.
They never would have believed that such a thing would
have been gotten up. It would never become popular be-
cause no respectable person could ever be found to champion
it.
“¢ Are you going to talk about it?’ asked A of B.
“Well, that depends on the crowd I’m with,’ answered
B. ‘I shan’t mention it to my wife.’
“<T’d hate to have my boy hear of it,’ said C; ‘he’s a
little apt torun off after new things, anyhow. Of course I
could train him back in time, but he might give trouble for
a while.’
“<< Well,’ said D, ‘it’s not my boy I’m worrying about; it’s
my girl. Girls are getting to think now that they ought to
know everything. I'm afraid my girl, if she’d hear of this,
would get to running after it, and then, like as not, she’d
never get married.’
