202 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
moment she was more surprised than angry. When her
astonishment had sufficiently passed off, she proceeded to
argument; she protested earnestly and indignantly, but her
arguments availed her not. When she found that Aunt Sallie
was firm, she assured that lady that all the weight of my
future disgrace must rest upon her; she insisted that she,
herself, was the only bulwark which had stood between me
and ruin all these years, and now that her influence was
thrown aside, hope was at an end. Still she would do her
duty as near as she was permitted, she would talk to me
whenever opportunity offered, would tell her children to
watch over me at school and let her know when I misbehaved;
and would send the teacher word how to get along with me.
“ All this would she do, but responsibility for my future
disgrace she would not shoulder.
“ After this interview there was some coolness between my
two aunts, but not sufficient to prevent Aunt Ellen having
plenty of opportunities to advise and instruct me.
“Uncle Jake was very careful about my schooling. He was
not wealthy and felt it his duty to leave the little which he
had to a crippled brother. So he wished to provide me with
a good education in order that I might be able to support
myself. Our village boasted an excellent graded school and
a young but thriving college, which in a four years’ course
gave good, practical training in mathematics, science and the
lighter classics. I was a persevering student and entered
the college when quite young. Tom Carver, the son of Aunt
Ellen and Uncle Bluecut, and the individual whom I had so
ruthlessly slapped in my impetuous early youth, was a mem-
ber of my class. He was a bright boy, two years older than
myself, and I thought it quite strange that he had permitted
me to overtake him. But he had probably followed his
mother’s example of worrying about my evil nature and had
paid more attention to that than to his books. I, however,
had so many faults of my own to trouble my mind that I was
ashamed to give either time or attention to those of other
people; so I had nothing to do but to attend to my studies
and to my own business, which no doubt accounted for my
progress.
“ Even after the class had entered the senior year, Tom oc-
casionally lost a grade on my account. One morning we
were required to demonstrate an extremely difficult problem
in geometry. The teacher had warned us several days before-
hand that we might expect trouble with it; so we had spent
