210 , THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“ But about a year before I came to Colorado I discovered
in Ned so many similarities to Tom and Archie Carver, that
we again became hostile toward each other. Aunt Ellen has
written me one letter since my marriage, begging me not to
let my temper cause a divorce.”
Penobscot Bill sitting next and being required to tella
story, favored the company with his reasons for leaving the
halcyon fields of back yonder. These reasons may be briefly
stated as follows: Bill, one night after a hearty supper of
warm biscuits, fried bacon, pepper-sauce, pickled onions and
mince pie, dreamed of going out to sea in a wash-tub with a
broom for an oar. A storm arose and the voyage became
somewhat exciting. This caused Bill to make use of his
triple-plate snore. His brother of the cut and shoot
tendency tried to wake him, and while Bill was in a half
somnolent state the brother of the pugnacious disposition had
drawn from him the full story of the voyage with a full set
of charts and compasses thrown in. The next day the
brother undertook to make light of both Bill and the voyage.
Bill objected to this. The brother assumed a still more
hilarious front, and then Bill went on the war path. There
was considerable fist display, in which the brother, having
suffered more or less, agreed that if Bill would wait a few
minutes, he would go and get his revolver and shoot him.
The brother started for the house and Bill started for the
Wild Woolly West. This is not the language employed by
Bill but these are the leading facts. The others declined to
relate. Lat Jennings now became so talkative that Mary,
fearing he would recite the story of the buffalo wallow or
exhume the legend of the Quinine Center bank robbers, sent
the young people into the dining-room to dance. She herself
played the piano. Having amused themselves with “cheat
or swing” and other enlivening figures for some time, they
were called in to note the proximity of the clock hands to
twelve. For the next fortnightly meeting the entertainment
was to be a story told by all. The first narrator was to carry
the story to a difficult point and then leave its fate to the
next, all agreeing to keep the different parts of the plot in
reasonable harmony. Mary greatly feared lest Penobscot
Bill and Lat Jennings would rush some undesired features
into the story; but she resolved to keep quiet and await
developments.
