214 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
ments that he is a professional flirt. But why do you ask?
Are you in love with him?” she asked, with a smile.
“The idea, Mary! But I tell you one thing seriously :
Emma Chase is.”
“What makes you think so?”
“Why, I was talking to her yesterday. She could talk of
nothing else. She is, dreamy and restless, and starts when
his name is mentioned.”
“Well, I’m sorry for her. He will never think of marry-
ing her; and if he were to marry her to-morrow, he could
only make her miserable.”
“But, Mary, do you not consider him rather fascinating,
after all?”
“Tn some ways, Iola. He is good-humored in the main,
and is, when he watches himself, a delicate flatterer. His
self-confidence, though ridiculous to the reason, is very pleas-
ing to the eye and the artistic sense. The self-contained
suavity even of the professional libertine would in some ways
be delightful if it could last, but it cannot; the picturesque,
high-rolling waves of old ocean are separated from each other
by troughs correspondingly deep. These men who present
themselves in such god-like humor to the women they wish
to deceive, are bound to have their intervals of churlish
pettishness or worse. When these men do marry, their
wives realize the full truth of this. But it is not unusual for
the inexperienced to accept as pure gold the brass that is
readily rubbed into brightness and as readily tarnishes
again.”
“ But villains ought to be thoroughly disagreeable so
that they would warn us. In reality, they are often thor-
oughly charming.”
“ Jennings is not thoroughly charming to me. His kind-
liness of manner is all that saves him from being thoroughly
ridiculous. I have learned to read all his little tricks and
understand all his little games. He gives flattery because
he desires that flattery be given him. Still, what you say is
true. The most thorough criminals are often the most
charming people. This is not because there is any necessary
link between charm and criminality; it is for two other
ressons: one of these is that charm of manner, like beauty
of person, is often inborn; this charm begets for its wearer
indulgence, preference and favor from the cradle forward.
The wearer is by these caresses of fortune strengthened in
his caprices and weakened in his ability to resist his more
