216 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
experience. She must be all strength, independence and
determination. Of twenty women who might begin such an
enterprise, nineteen would weaken under the flattery, and
consent to tamely love, thus earning contempt where they
started to hunt devotion. Like Bella Martin’s terrier, sur-
veillance, restriction and captivity have sapped our strength ;
we must—most of us at least—acquire liberty and accustom
ourselves to it, ere we become capable of holding our own
with men in any of the contests of life.”
“Don’t you believe a cold, haughty woman might make
an impression on Jennings ? ”
“No, indeed ; a cold woman never has been loved yet.
Love is warmth. Jennings may marry a cold woman and
probably will, if she has the adjuncts I mentioned awhile
ago, but he will be far enough from loving her. A man who
has distributed his love among so many women is less de-
sirous of warmth in the nature of his life-mate than is the one
who is saving all his affection for her. The latter wishes to
believe that the woman he chooses is capable of filling his
life with bliss. The young libertine looks upon marriage as
a bore; the young man looks upon marriage as a state of
bliss ; the libertine, if he marries at all, does so from policy ;
the man marries to enjoy and honor love.”
“ But if Jennings would find the kind of woman you men-
tioned a while ago and marry her, would not he keep on
loving her?”
“Tf she were a diplomat of the loftiest order, if she
resolutely maintained her independence, refused to pet him
and insisted upon being petted, kept him continually half-
jealous instead of allowing herself to exhibit the slightest
uneasiness or concern, she could keep him delightfully
servile ; otherwise she would soon become as uninteresting to
him as a cast-off coat. But the game would not be worth the
candle, Iola. The love of such a man is no compliment to
any woman.”
“But why do you make such hints, Mary. How are you
certain that he is so bad?”
“Study human nature, sister. I have dismissed my blind
credulity of late and gone to employing reason, It has done
me good. Try it.”
A few days after this, Jim brought home a magnificent
side-saddle for his wife; she had been using an old one
belonging to Mrs. Hopkins. Jimhad selected one of the
regular “cowgirl” variety. These saddles are gotten up for
