238 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
a bunch from Nine Mile, and that heifer of yours is among
‘em.”
“Which heifer ?”
“ Why that heifer you bought last fall and never got to
brand. She’s branded half circle ZO on the left hip, and
got a cancelled triangle bar on her right shoulder. Her hair
is so long you can’t see the brands now, and Stan says she’s
his ; but I know she’s the same brute. Will you come and
look at her ?”
“Yes. Come on, Sam.”
Jim had forgotten his intended amusement; he was all
sober business now. He galloped to where the disputed
animal stood. Stanley was firm in his declaration of owner-
ship.
« Better catch her and throw her and examine the
brand. Now’s jest as good a time as any,” said Bill Cof-
froth.
“Rope her, Sam,” said Jim.
“Rope which ?” queried the almost livid Mr. Jennings,
as Kate elevated her shoulders a little.
“Rope that red and white spotted yearling heifer, comin’
two years old in the fall, that’s standin’ lickin’ her side
there, between that roan cow and that brindled calf yonder,”
said Jim in an impatient and perhaps hasty tone.
“This un,” said Hen, indicating the animal with his
uirt.
“ And look out she don’t hook you with them inch long
horns!” called Kid.
“Pick up her hind foot !’’ suggested Gus Waite.
“Don’t go at her so sudden; you’ll surprise her!”
roared Kid, as Jennings rode at the animal on a run, wildly
endeavoring to do something, he scarcely knew what, with
the abundance of rope he found tangled round his hand and
arm. He shook the rope wildly, intending, if possible, to
throw it at the animal, trusting some lucky chance would
secure her with it, and madly cursing his ill luck. Kate
was wildly speeding after the terrified animal, and Jennings
was as frantically shaking the rope. Presently it fell to the
ground in confusion; Kate caught the tangled mesh with
her fore foot ; she reared, snorted and plunged; the already
uneasy cattle in her vicinity started to bellow and run ; Cof-
froth, Jim, Hen, Kid, Gus, Stanley, the Talberts and Jere
Tferron set their horses to the gallop to prevent a stampede ;
Kate, with all four of her legs in their rope prison, lifted her
