SWEET RECREATION. 245
generly know my game ’fore I try to carry it off. ButI
guess I’ll take the pretty Iola in.”
“ You talk like you can get just anyone you want,” ob-
served Kid.
“Well, can’t I? I’ve been engaged to twelve girls by
actual count.”
“ And left ’em all ? ”
“Yes. Wheneverl find I can get a girl her charm’s
gone. I flatter her and kiss her till I’m tired of her, and
then I hunt a new one. The women are so blanked servile
that a man can’t help but get tired of ’em.”
“Then twelve girls can thank the Lord for one big run
of luck,” drawled Hen.
“TJ tell you, they didn’t think so,” said Lat, bristling up.
“JT had a perfect devil of a time gettin’ rid of ’em.”
“Well, that don’t signify,” said Kid. ‘ They were prob-
ably old, wrinkled hags that thought it was better you than
nobody.”
‘*No, they wasn’t old wrinkled hags, either. They was
all fine girls. Law, they’s nothing in this world that’s so
plentiful and so easy got as women. They’re so d—d servile
that they'll take any kind of a kick, and are always standin’
ready to marry anybody they can get. They’ll marry any-
thing that wears pants. They’re easier to get than Texas
cows. You've got to have twenty-five dollars to get a
Texas cow, but a man, no matter what he’s done, can get a
woman with a little soft talk.”
“They’re not all cheap,” said Gus.
“ They’re nearly all cheap,” persisted Lat.
“Say Sammie, why don’t you try a little of your soft talk
on Mrs. Mad; I’ve seen your eyes follow her once and
occasionally,” said Kid. “A little of your soft talk and a
few kisses from that adjourned sine die upper lip of yours
might get her to leave Jim and fly with you.”
“ A woman that would leave as good a man as Jim would
need lots 0’ punishment,” observed Hen.
“She’d get that if she followed Sammie,” dryly observed
Gus, with the cool courage of nineteen.
Lat threw a piece of turf at the venturesome boy, laughed,
and rolled his long under lip warningly. Then he spoke again,
anxious to keep the question whirling:
“Now, I say that when a person invites kickin’ he needs
kickin’. Women are so weak asa class that a man knows
he has all the advantage over ’em he wants, and consequently
