256 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
these, and mildly exhibit the narrators’ contempt. Kid’s
stories were to the effect that when he met anyone who was
intimate with his childish history, the individual was always
throwing up to him how in his childhood he was continually
sucking eggs, tieing tin cans to dog’s tails, stealing out of
the house at night to slyly set the dog on his father when
he came home, and putting open bags full of live grasshop-
pers under the sofa when his sister’s beaucame. And Mar
would relate how her old acquaintances would remind her
how she used to tell fibs, break dishes, slap Tommie Carver,
persecute cats; and last but not least, kneel before the neigh-
bors’s apple hills in the dead of winter, diving for apples,
sucking her frozen thumbs to bring back life and warmth,
and then diving again. They could offer no such white
records of their childhood as could Mr. Jennings. All these
things continued to fan the flame that was burning in the
bosom of Hen Hall. He often left the room wherein Lat
was boasting, as if his continued presence there would in-
sure the display of his anger and disgust.
One evening in August Hen found it necessary to go to
Milroy City to replenish his stock of clothing. After he had
gone, Jim and Mary sat playing cribbage, while Iola played
authors with Kid. Lat was telling Penobscot Bill how the
fact of one of his best girls presuming to believe slanders
which had been circulated against him had caused him to
leave the field of his many triumphs, where almost any office
in the power of the people to bestow was within his grasp,
and come out to Colorado to grub greasebrush, run a mower,
and wade adobe mud at twenty-five dollars per month. He
sighed and looked weary as he finished the narration. Mary
looked up. Perhaps he was lonesome, and wanted to play
cards, and this she and Jim were using at present was the
only full pack in the house. So she said:
“ Mr. Jennings, if you and Mr. Hammin want this deck,
you can take it. Jim and Ido not care to play. We are
getting a little tired of cribbage.”
“ No, go ahead and beat Jim; come to think now, I know
where there’s a full deck. Come on, Bill,” and Lat, and Bill
hurried away upstairs, leaving the four to a quiet and
pleasant evening.
About nine o’clock Hen came in carrying a parcel. Hav-
ing engaged in a few minutes’ talk, he gave his customary
good-night and went upstairs. In less than three minutes
from the time of his departure, there was borne to the ears
