RAISIN’ THUNDER. 257
of the sitting-room party a perfect pandemonium of deafening
sounds. Groans, yells, shrieks, howls, and curses, followed
each other in quick succession; then came a sound as if a
dozen men, mingled with boot-jacks, chairs, boxes, and old
shoes, were running, rolling, falling, and tumbling down-
stairs, with speed the only thing in view. The stair door
burst open, and Lat Jennings, white as a sheet, half-leaped,
half-fell into the sitting-room. His hair and clothes bore
evidence of rough usage, and playing cards fell in showers
from his hands and pockets to the floor. He was precipi-
tately followed by Penobscot Bill, who was also covered with
cards and confusion. Last of all came Hen; his face was
livid, and his eyes were rival volcanic fires. Without paying
the slightest attention to the occupants of the sitting-room,
he kicked and bundled his two victims out of the door.
“Hen!” shrieked Jim, as that gentleman disappeared
after the flying.
“ Why, Mr. Hall!” exclaimed Mary, as she rose to her
feet, white and dazed.
“Oh! Oh!” wailed Iola.
“¢ What’s Hen raisin’ thunder about? ” coolly queried Kid.
“O Jim, go out and stop them,” pleaded Mary.
“Not I,” said Jim. “I undertook to interfere in some-
body else’s fight once. Never do it again.”
“ But they'll kill each other,” pleaded Mary.
“O no, they won’t. It’s probably just started in fun.”
“ Well, Mr. Hall wasn’t in fun; he looked like a tiger,”
said [ola.
“QO, Hen’s really too good-hearted to hurt any of ’em; but
T’ll go out and be ready to bring in the wounded. You and
Mary can be getting lint and bandages ready,” and Jim
and Kid started for the door.
But just then Hen returned. He was still white and
angry. Without noticing Jim, he said directly to Mary.
“’m ashamed, Missus, of raisin’ sech a racket in your
house; but I’ve got grievance enough to make me run them
two coyotes clear off the range.”
“© Why, what had the boys done?”
“ Well, Missus, you know that little Bible that I’ve got,
that I told you belonged to one as was dear to me?”
“ Yes; I remember it well.”
“ Well, I showed you howI had my fifty-three favorite
verses marked with some thin playin’ cards I had; I’d jest
lately put the joker by that passage that says we ort to love
