EULALIA. 267
the old time in dreams, and she scarcely noted what was
going on round her. It was too old a scene to attract her
attention. She minded the caller, for if she did not she
would be scolded by that dreadful Mr. Albertson; but what
did she care who swung her; who waltzed with her, hulding
her face close to a coat smelling of beer and whiskey and
tobacco ? It was all too old a story. She had minded these
things at first but they were now so much a part of every-
day life that she endured them until sleep—God-given sleep—
or drunken stupor, drove them, for a time at least, away.
How often she thanked God for the drink that for a time
shut out the life of coarseness, familiarity, obscenity and
shame—the dreadful quarrelling of the giris—the frightful
cursing of the drunken men. There was a discord in the
room—some jangling about places she believed—but she did
not inquire into it. Her mind had gone back and she was
thinking of Pierre. O, where was Pierre? Pierre, that used
to tell her he would stand even between her and the wrath
of God. ©, why didn’t he come mow? Why didn’t he take
her away from this place of which she was so tired? But
Pierre had gone down the great river and out to sea to win
fortune. And while he was gone a man and woman had
come and begged her to go with them to their house in the
great city, and sew and earn money. Ah, here was a chance
for her to help out the earnings of Pierre. They would be
quite rich some day. With her parents’ consent she went
with these people. But they had deceived her. They were
the dread deceivers the good nuns in the convent had warned
her to beware of. ‘Their great mansion in the city was a long
log house in a dreary forest. And in this house were ghastly,
hideous women who were visited by brutal, drunken, quar-
relling, fighting men. She could understand but little of
their talk, but she soon found she was expected to live as
they did. O, she could not do that. The good nuns had
said that lust was a fearful crime and that its votaries would
shriek for years in- purgatory, and perhaps live out the ages
of eternity in the breath of hell’s flame. No, she must so
live that her soul would rest with God and her eyes meet the
rare smile of the sainted virgin and her son. And so she
had watched her chance and stolen out into the night—the
blessed night that the good nuns said sheltered the Christians
who fled from the wrath of Nero. O, why had she not be-
come a nun ? Better dearth of all love than such pollution of
love’s holy name. And so she fled through the dense woods,
