DETECTION. 277
Ellsworth, proceeded several different times to read aloud in
the empty sitting-room how, “I, Clarence Henri Ellsworth,
qualified voter in the town of Cedar Ridge, county of Bone-
set, State of Colorado, do swear in the presence of the ever-
living God, that Latshaw A. Jennings, etc., etc.” Then he
came into the dining-room where Mary was setting out the
lunch, and read the document over to her in a tone that
almost made the dishes rattle on the table, asking her if she
thought that would take him through. After lunch he
seconded both the ladies on the piano; they were kind to
him, but not natural. Suspicion gives to our enforced cor-
diality almost the guise of patronage. Jennings, not just
liking the atmosphere, and perhaps fatigued from lack of
sleep, retired early. By morning he had recovered his
equanimity, and at the breakfast-table laid elaborate plans
for the conquest of Amy Chellis, who had just returned to
the neighborhood. Kid told him that he would see the con-
quest of Miss Chellis before he believed in it. He reminded
Mr. Jennings that he had been in the neighborhood some
months now, and he, for one, had not heard of very many
broken hearts. Then, having finished his breakfast he left
the house singing:
‘Tom Warsaw and his pretty little wife,
Have parted, parted, for life, life, life.’’
Mr. Jennings hitched up his team to haul in the last crop
of alfalfa. He seemed sad, dejected and persecuted. Even
his heart-breaking record was disbelieved in. And while he
was pitching hay onto the rack, the fates were yet plotting
against him.
About eleven o’clock, Bella Martin ran in at the gate of
the Bar Eleven, carrying a little valise. Iola was in her
room. Bella ran up to Mary.
“T suppose you were looking for me,” she said laughingly.
; ‘ No, not exactly ; but you’re welcome, anyhow. Come
in.
“Why, I sent you word I was coming.”
*“ Who by ?”
“Why Saturday afternoon I saw Henry Steene, who works
for Mr. Gregg. I told him that if he saw any of your folks
to tell them I was coming over Monday to stay three days.
Pa and Ma are in Milroy, now; Pa is under the care of that
celebrated doctor; and if you'll let me, I’d like to stay here
till they come back.”
