DETECTION. 279
drink in from the support of certain of his supporters, and
last but not least to the beauties of truth and personal cour-
age. The more they cro’s-fired the more radiant became
Kid, and the more ghastly became Lat and his echo, Only
he who has bee:: charged by the ambushed foe can appreciate
poor Lat’s situation.
The next morning Lat came to Jim and asked him to go
that afternoon to Milroy City to swear him in for registry.
“T will not swear for you till I have seen Steene,” said
Jim. “If you have been lying to me about this other matter,
I won’t take your word about how long you’ve been in the
State, nor about anything else.”
ee don’t have to take my word ; you’ ve got my brother’s
oath,’
“Yes, and he may be the same kind of a duck you are;
like as not is. T’ll go and see Steene this afternoon, and if
he says you were not down at that hell-hole, I'll take your
evidence and swear you in. But if he says you were there,
T’ll ask you to pack up and leave here as soon as possible.”
“ Well, I’ll leave here at noon, then. I wasn’t down there.
If I would go to such a place as that I wouldn’t lie about it.
But when I find out I’m stayin’ at a place where my word
ain’t believed—where the word of every ‘Tom, Dick and Harry
is took in preference to mine, I think the sooner I leave the
better.”
“ But why are you afraid of what Steene will say?”
“Why, Steene don’t like me. Him and Peto Gregg has
both been workin’ agin me ever since I’ve been on the crick.
Steene’s jest as liable to say he saw me there as not.”
Jim reported to Mary. Mary, still feeling that she ought
to be courteous, went out to where Lat stood alone with his
team. She hoped that he would prove his innocence, and
was deeply troubled that such annoyance should have visited
her house.
“Mr. Jennings,” she said, kindly, “ why don’t you stay till
evening ? Jim is going to see Mr. Steene, and things may
turn out all right yet.”
“T don’t see the good of stayin’,” said Jennings with tears
in his voice. “It’s come to the pass that my word ain’t be-
lieved. 1 don’t claim to be perfect; I’ve been wild in my
time, but I never mixed with no such society as that down at
the dance-house; and this time when I left home, I even
left my six-shooters behind. I’d made up my mind I wouldn’t
have a single thing again me on this trip; and now every-
