580 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
body’s lyin’ about me and tryin’ to git me down. It’s jest
makin’ me sick. I ain’t eat hardly anything since the racket
started.”
“ Well, Mr. Jennings, I hope you are telling us the truth.”
“The truth ?” (still more tremulously) “1’d like to know
why you’d think for a minute I ain’t tellin’ the truth ? Now
I admit that I sometimes talk in fun. Even since I’ve been
here—once in a while when we've all been foolin’—I’ve
got off the trail a little, but it ain’t a habit of mine. But
when I git down to business, why—then—I—talk—facts.”
The words came near dying away ina sob, Mary felt an
impulse to laugh; then a wave of sorrowing pity for frail,
erring humanity passed over her.
“Tam sorry, O,so sorry that this has come up,” she said
bitterly; then she turned and started toward the house. The
witty, unfeeling comments of the two wild girls would jar
upon her. Jennings had been personally kind to her; had
always been ready to do any chores about the house, or to
help her in or out of her saddle when Jim was not present.
And now she must remember him with loathing, and think of
his splendid natural advantages, his strength, personal beauty,
and his suavity all sunk in ignoble motives, all polluted
with lust and cowardice and lying; after afew steps she turned
back. She would inake another effort.
“ But tell me why you will not stay till evening? Steene
is truthful. He may clear you.”
“No, I’d better not stay,” he faltered. “If Jim goes
there this evening and comes back and says that Steene says
T was down yonder Saturday night—I—won’t—be—account-
able—for—what—I’ll--do. I’ve got a temper, Mrs. Madnau,
that can’t stand everything. I’d—better—go.”
Then Mary walked into the house. There was a very
quiet dinner table. Lat packed his belongings soon after the
meal was eaten, and received the balance due on his wages.
He was done with his tremulousness now, and wore a
dignified, injured expression.
“Well, I suppose you’ll come back and see us sometime,”
said Mary.
“It’s altogether owing to circumstances whether I ever
come back,” he said loftily, as he waved his hand. “ When
it’s come to the pass that my word ain’t believed, I think it’s
time for me to stay away. Now if—” the voice softened,
“Steene tells the truth, and you people will come to see
me as I am, I’d like to come back and stay. I’ve liked to
