INCIDENTS. 283
were two reasons for this, but Jim was unconscious of them.
There had been more or less dissatisfaction concerning water
during the summer, and for that reason Coffroth, Gregg,
Herron and Lancaster, while not openly at variance with
Madnau and Hogan, were envious and displeased. Secondly,
Lancaster had previously gotten possession of them one
by one, and cautioning them to secrecy, had told them that
all the Circle Bar men were watching Jim. He was getting
rich too fast. They believed—in fact just as good as knew
—that he was getting away with cattle. His arrest of them-
selves was simply an endeavor to throw suspicion. And the
men, already jealous of Jim, listened to the wily voice of
Stanley and half believed. And when the fall roundup
was completed and they saw how few calves and colts were
running with their stock, indignation augmented suspicion,
and the desire to find some one to punish rose to fever heat.
Like the gods of the heathen, in our deep anger we ask
that the flame of our fury be quenched by blood. The
heathen deities do not always insist that they who have
blasphemed them be slaughtered. They, so their votaries
tell us, insist npon carnage, and by carnage are appeased.
How often we find that in the august blindness of unreason
ing fury we have sacrificed the noble; while the fiends who
would destroy us laugh in security! And then, our mad-
ness washed into coolness by the blood already shed, we
stay our hands.
The Circle Bar leaders had cunningly separated many of
their own young stock from their mothers and driven them
into the mountains. Thus they led Texas Ike and his cow-
boys to believe that outsiders had tampered with the
company herds. The leaders knew that without absolute
proof against them, Jim never would have sworn out warrants.
They felt it necessary to the future success of their enter-
prises and the maintenance of their good name, to cast all
possible suspicion upon those who knew aught to their dis-
credit. With this end in view, J. C. Talbert and his sons,
Lancaster, Coffroth and one or two others, called a meeting
of their believers and hangers-on at the Circle Bar. Just
what passed here was a mystery to such of the Trelawna
people as were not present; but it is quite certain that the
men came away with black looks. Although all the plotters,
save the three arrested men, were as cordial as ever, Jim felt
that there was a movement against him. Why, he could not
tell; but he guessed that the Talberts were using all their
