TRAGEDY. 301
“Tola, if you promise to marry Gus and then disappoint
him, it will very probably be the death of his ambition. ”
“ And why do you think I will disappoint him.”
“You are very young; I am afraid you are too young yet
to have received your final heart impression. But if you are
sure, I do not object to your giving him your promise. He
is in every way worthy.”
Jim came into the house to bid his wife farewell. She was
nervous and pallid. She walked out to where his horse stood
with her hand clutching his arm. She had but little to say,
but her drawn face and pleading eyes were enough to unman
him. She stood wrapping the saddle strings about her fingers,
employing any pretext to keep him with her. She did not
ask to accompany him; the morning was raw and vold, and
she knew her request would grieve him. He pushed her
gently aside, bidding her be brave and strong, then leaped
into the saddle.‘ She pressed her face against his body and
kissed his leather gloves. He stooped to return her caress,
then turned and galloped up the slope; he paused and waved
his hat to her when near its crest. She stood still; he was
out of sight a few minutes, then he appeared on the rise be-
yond. She fluttered her handkerchief; he waved his hat.
He was at the edge of the belt of cedars, now; she saw him
raise his hand; perhaps he was looking through his field
glass to catch the expression of her face; if so, she would
give him a smile; he was among the pifions, she now threw
up her white ’kerchief and he waved his hat again; there,
now, he was out of sight, down in the gulch where the quak-
ing aspens grow; there he is on the side hill beyond; a last
waving of hat and handkerchief; her eyes are weary with
straining after him* she drops them and enters the house.

CHAPTER XXXVL
TRAGEDY.
Tr is not pleasant to contemplate a pack of maddened
wolves when in their fury they seize and rend their prey.
We turn from such sights, hiding our eyes. When comes
the time that we can look unmoved upon them, the time is
near when we can help enact them.
The leaders in the plot against Jim Madnau were agreed
