THE DARLING OF THE CIRCLE BAR. 315
Manzano range, her mind revised and rearranged the history
of an avenging future.
Her greatest difficulty for a time was learning to adapt
herself to the style of life that surrounded her. She was at
first more afraid of the men than she would have been in her
feminine dress. Though to a degree accustomed to men of
their sort, for fear of suspicion she was for some days in a
never-ending tremor. It was only by continually reminding
herself that successful acting was necessary to her life plans,
that she could accustom herself to listen without coloring, to
their taunts, gibes, foul jests, and shocking profanity. She
knew before going among them that what respect and pres-
tige she gained must be the result of diplomacy rather than
of strength or skill. She was brave, but was in no sense
reckless. The men soon came to like her, but they cease-
lessly annoyed her. They wanted her to gamble, and to go
to questionable resorts, and to saloons, in the nearest town.
She refused to gamble, but because of her perfection at card
games of all sorts they forgave her reluctance to bet. Her
worst trouble, however, was when the men brought whiskey
‘to camp and insisted that she should drink. She finally
announced to them with great gravity that she was under a
vow not to taste whiskey until she had killed a certain man
she was hunting. This announcement purchased peace as
well as consideration for her.
She studiously avoided angering them. Indeed, hercharm
of manner smoothed things over forhermanyatime. Know-
ing that in a hand-to-hand fight she would have no chance
whatever, she resolved to keep out of quarrels. For this
reason she passed unnoted many a taunt during the first few
days of her residence in the camp; after this the men came
to be so pleased with her presence there, her songs and her
stories, that they petted and.courtéd her. She was al-
ways ready to practice target shooting. No man in camp
understood any trick of marksmanship that she was not
eager and ready to learn. She soon became so proficient as
to astonish them all. She was learning the necessary lessons
well. Her life work was in them, and she drove back fem-
inine weakness and nervousness, and applied herself to work
and study. Though trying so faithfully to avoid trouble,
she was always ready for defense. Save when she was prac-
ticing marksmanship with them, her revolvers never left her
belt. Even when she rolled her blankets about her and lay
down to sleep—sometimes in an adobe cabin, sometimes in
