320 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
the men became better acquainted with him they had no
reason to complain of his taciturnity. He became first
tolerant, next communicative, though always silent as to his
past, and finally he became friendly. His exquisite dress
and bewitching manners soon gave him the name by which
he is still vividly remembered in that section: The Darling
of the Circle Bar.

CHAPTER XLL
GETTING ACQUAINTED.
Mosk had arrived at the Circle Bar on Monday. On the
following Saturday evening, four of the satellites, including
Lat Jennings, began to get ready to go to Milroy City. It
was always necessary for part of the force to remain at the
ranche on Sunday, two of them generally riding allday. The
others took turns going to Milroy City, or down to the
settlements on Trelawna and Aspen.
Now Mose disapproved of laborers and wage earners
hanging around the back door of a saloon all day Sunday.
He began to try to persuade them to remain at the ranche.
He was seconded in this by the arguments of the gray-haired
old gentleman already mentioned. This person was one
William Everet, who, however, had gained fame as a hunter
and frontiersman at an early day under the name of Rocky
Mountain Bill. He had had considerable note in his time.
He was at the Circle Bar waiting for the hunting season which
would begin with the snow fall, and was meanwhile overseeing
the putting up of some hay which the Circle Bar men were
harvesting for the winter sustenance of their poorer stock.
Lat Jennings was also assisting with the hay, doing a little
riding occasionally also. Mr. Jennings, however, had a
stronger reason than either of these for being at the Circle
Bar, the reason being known to none of the men save Texas
Ike. It will be remembered that he had been the friend of
Stanley Lancaster. Now Stanley’s guilty conscience ever
feared detection, punishment. Jennings was still on speaking
terms with the Bar Eleven men, and Stanley and the Talberts,
knowing well his pleasing front and insinuating manner, had
employed him as a spy.
“ Where you fellows startin’ for? ” asked Mose, as he saw
the preparations,
