330 + THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
to repeat his obnoxious remarks. If the reader be inclined
to cavil at the hasty remark of Gus, let him remember that
the reputation of a race-horse was in peril.
Now if there was any practice that Gus and Kid abhorred,
it was gambling. They considered it wrong in every sense.
They would occasionally bet the lemonade on a four flush or
an ace high, but this was only for amusement. They kept
clear of saloons, and treated risks with silent contempt. Now
Tom Samp and Griff Henry would, when off duty, bet wildly
on the merest trifles; when all else had failed they had been
known to impoverish themselves on spitting at a mark. Lat
Jennings would bet, a quarter at a time, on the number of
flies that would be found in durance vile when the Circle
Bar molasses pitcher was opened. Ike Bane frequently
risked fifty cents on the probability of his inducing Mose
Jones to put up a dollar on seven-up. Gus and Kid were
unlike these.
But when a man owns a race horse he is like a teething
babe; he is not his usual, equable self,
In the five-mile cowboy race, the men were to ride in full
costume, change horses every mile, the winner to receive one
hundred dollars. The cow pony race was a half mile dash,
the winner to receive a purse of forty dollars. In the latter
race alone was Thundercloud to run; the Circle Bar and the
Rowlock outfit had each entered a string for the former.
Now Bella and Iola had no objection to their betrothed lovers
running for a purse—that would do very well. But they
had a horror of betting. A few days before the twenty-sec-
ond they met together and the scene which followed was one
that all reformers should have witnessed. The girls told
over to each other the tales they had heard in regard to the
risks of the Circle Bar men. They bestowed upon each
other the most conclusive arguments against gambling in all
its forms. Bella explained to Iola how a man might, in a
moment of excitement, cast away the sweat-begotten earnings
of years. Iola gave back the statement that one of the
riskers must always lose—there was no chance for both to
win. Bella thought this almost a pity; she believed, come
down to the strict justice of things, that both ought to lose.
Iola insisted that all gentlemen who had any thought of
gambling ought to desist, if for no other reason, because such
an unholy gang as the Circle Bar outfit indulged to such an
extent.
Now Gus, although so averse to gambling, had had some
