EXPERIENCES OF AN OFFENDER. 343
her to her home while Gus followed with Iola. Aud Kid,
because his soul was in agony, had held his companion’s arm
tightly while he told over his troubles. And Bella was
weeping silent tears that fell upon his hand. And while
he confessed his betting and the result, all the while making
wild promises to repeat the mistake never, she drew up his
hand and with an anguish-laden sob pressed the tips of his
glove to her lips. And then Kid forgot the miseries of the
day. The grasp of the law was forgotten in the grasp of
love. With arms frantically tightening round an adored
fellow creature, and boyish lips for the first time thrilling in
a passionate and never to be forgotten kiss, wrongs, persecu-
tions and sorrows melted away. Tom Samp was welcome to
his victory, and all who had helped to impoverish Kid might
now be remembered without malice. For no matter what
the cost, the caresses of love are cheaply won.
And Kid had yet another cross to bear. Tom had, by
means of numerous drinks, and by using his influence with
one of his lady friends to secure that gentleman a series of
secret interviews, made a fast friend of the editor of the
Milroy Howler. So the Howler man, under the influence
of one of the drinks, and with the assistance of the newly
acquired lady friend, who, by the way, was able to correct
the orthography and tone down the literary exuberance pro-
duced, and published in the Howler an article setting forth
that Kid was the original “bad man from Bitter Creek”;
that he had been worsted in the fracas, and that he at last
had been fined and costed as he richly deserved.
When Kid became down-hearted because of this attack,
Gus consoled him by picking out, in the last copy of the
Howler, a baker’s dozen of mistakes in spelling, and a few
more in statements of current events.
“Now,” said Gus, “if that notice had been in the Copy
Hook, there’d be some reason for you to turn blue. The
Copy Hook is supported by a respectable class. Its pen
shover keeps a spelling-book round, and I shouldn’t wonder
if he has a dictionary, too. He don’t run round publish-
ing lies and doing the bidding of every tough for the present
of a ten cent overcoat. But that short-bodied, long-eared,
skim-milk eyed Jowler maverick hasn’t got sense enough to
dodge cactus. And Kid, I intend to throw that ten dollars
I won off Jere Herron, and ten more, in on your fine. And
then the next time I bet on a horse-race I’m going to hire
some one to kick me clear off the range.”
