A LAST GLIMPSE, 371
+ gery erase FE ape
, OHAPTER XLVIL.
A LAST GLIMPSE.
Tue feud between the rival cattle companies was done.
The Trelawna settlers who were concerned in thé death of
Jim Madnau gradually came to admit to each othéx-the mis-
take they had made. Nothing could be proved against them
and they were never prosecuted ; but they were always sus-
pected, and remained the possessors of an undesired notoriety.
J. C. Talbert sold his stock to an Eastern company, who re-
tained the services of Ike Bane, and then retired from busi-
ness to find what joy he could in his life memories.
Charlie Ford recovered from the effects of his wound and
decided that Colorado was too slow for him. He went
further west. °
Early in the spring Ike Bane came down to the Bar Eleven
on a mission for William Everet. Everet was getting too
old to longer expose himself as a hunter and trapper. He
wanted a position where he could oversee and help with the
harvesting of hay. Ike told of the old man’s kindhess to
Mary while she bore the name of Mose Jones; this*went a
long way with the Bar Eleven men. Everet was "perma-
nently engaged as overseer of all the ranche work. ¥€Ie be-
came the trusted friend of all the outfit, and the especial
favorite of the Hopkinses and Joshua Hogan.
Amy Chellis married Mr. J. J. Mory of Milroy City.
Her father was left with his cough and his loneliness, for his
gossiping wife was but a poor companion. One morning he
walked over to Peter Chase’s and offered to take one of the
girls into his house as one of the family, and leave Bera
legacy of two thousand dollars when he died. Her duties
would be to read to him, write his letters, and be a daughter
and companion. Lucy and Sarah paid no heed to the offer,
but Emma eagerly begged her parents’ permission to accept.
“T can make Col. Chellis a little less lonely and miserable ;”
she said. “Then when I get my legacy I will use it to edu-
cate myself; I will use my education to improve women,
and make them more independent and self-supporting.”
