206 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
flowers, and said I had spoiled her whole ‘green-house. But
I didn’t know she’d care till I had them pulled. Now you
look as well as if you had on twenty collar-pins. Come on.’
“ And holding Ned’s arm, I tripped hastily down the stairs
and into the merry crowd.
“We had splendid charades. We played ‘Benediction,’
‘Saxony’ and ‘Liverpool’ to the satisfaction of every one.
Then we had ‘cross-questions and silly answers,’ ‘conse-
quences,’ and all the parlor games which so delight young
people just out of school. At last, tired and happy, I sat
down alone in a corner and fell into a gleeful reverie, from
which I was aroused by Tom.
“¢Mary,’ he said, almost savagely, ‘I think I requested
you not to wear any flowers.’
“¢Oh, Tom!” I said, almost breathless at the tempest
which I saw gathering, ‘these were given to me after I
came.’
“¢Who gave them to you ??
“¢ Ned Blinker.’
“¢And you, of course, permitted him to tie them round
your neck.’
“¢ No, indeed I did not. I tied them on myself.’
“¢Mary, I remember what grandma says about you too
well to believe that.’
“<«T don’t care whether you believe it or not, but it’s the
solemn truth!’ I shrieked.
““¢ Mary, you are a sad one; you will surely come to grief,’
he said, as he went out of the room to tell Kate, Nora and
Nellie of the episode.
“ Alas for the joy of the party! It was all swallowed up
and annihilated by the misery which ensued. That bouquet
of tube roses surrounded me for the next three weeks with
an aroma of dread a thousand times more pungent than the
perfume of the blossoms had been sweet; and finally, through
Tom’s imagination and Archie’s loquacity, it became the
cause of Ned and I not speaking to each other for nearly a
Vear.
“When the summer was over I went into the country to
teach school, spending only the vacations at hou:e. But not-
withstanding my absence from town for so much of the time,
my relatives still suffered -on my account. One very sad
catastrophe which attended one of my visits at home was as
follows: Kate had, after almost despairing of getting a
lover, succeeded in securing the attentions of Nat Johnson
'
