310 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
only because idle sounds are hurled against it. Improve the
principal and the echo improves. Bill had always been un-
fortunate in his selection of principals. Now when Mary
took him in hand, he showed signs of improvement. Seein
that he would always remain an echo, she set about selecting
for him a principal suited to his peculiar temperament.
There lived on Aspen Creek a young lady named Maggie
Henderson. Maggie’s reputation had suffered somewhat,
bat she was nevertheless the possessor of many sterling
virtues. e was of strong will power, was buxom and
comely, economical, tidy and industrious. Bill had often
paid her attentions, and now Mary suggested, that he go at
once and propose marriage to her. Bill smiled at the thought,
but said he did not like to marry a woman who had been
talked about. Mary assured him thatif he himself was spot-
less she had nothing more to say in favor of the match. Bill
went away smiling. .
What then was Mary’s astonishment when two days after
Bill came in with Maggie, introduced her as Mrs. Hammin,
and spread out a marriage certificate all duly witnessed and
signed ?
And the bride worked wonders. Her first important move
was to induce her husband to wash his feet, air his boots,
and put on a clean pair of socks. She made a rule that he
should take a bath every two weeks at the farthest, and
should change his socks and shirt at least every seven days.
She took a fine-tooth comb and raked the dandruff out of his
dust-colored curls. Then she threw her muscular arms
round his neck, gave him a ringing smack on the cheek, and
told him that she would be the best of wives as long as
he was a good husband § but that when he went down to
Milroy and got drunk, she would go down to Milroy and
et unk, also. Bill now became the echo of his wife.
THe attended strictly to business, kept clean, chewed less
tobacco than formerly, drank no whiskey, and became so ex-
emplary as to shed much credit on the Bar Eleven Cattle
Company: And Maggie rolled up her sleeves and scrubbed
the house from ceiling to floor, baked wonderful pies, refused
do a particle of work, petted and soothed her
to let Mary P P
d tried to lighten her gloom. She took upon herself the
an t of the house-work, assigning the lighter duties
° ‘ng the dishwashing, of course—to Iola. Bill boug
acluding th dishwashing, of to Iola. Bill bought
7. a wonderful black silk dress adorned with jet trimmings 5
her oie she accompanied her neatly dressed husband to
heaviest par
