THE HISTORY OF A NIGHT. 845
He had learned all he cared to know. In probing their
common secret he had trampled principle and conscience
under foot. He had listened and commended as they gave
their confidence. He simply awaited opportunity, now.
Happy because he had so far succeeded so well? Perhaps
no dungeon ever contained a more wretched being. The in-
tense nervous sensibility was in a state of the wildest and
most unceasing action. Pictured horror in a frightful past
leaped over the interval of quietude and lapped with sketched
horrors to come. These people loved him. Is it easy to kill
those who love us, even though they have blindly driven us
to desperation ? The woman who was hidden in the seem-
ing vaquero could raise her hand without a tremor against
the three leaders. But here was good-hearted Ike, who had
confessed to firing a bullet into her husband’s body. And
he had told her how he had suffered over the memory ; how
he believed now—he was over-persuaded and excited then—
that Jim Madnau was a deeply wronged man. He feared
the Talberts were deceived by Lancaster; he had had many
an uneasy hour, and had heard Jim’s death cry a thousand
times. But he had declared that he believed his bullet was
the first that struck Jim; she decided that he must suffer.
And yet for her sake he had quit drinking. Might it not be
better to remember that he had been wronged too, and to
leave him with his penitence and his memory ?
And Griff Henry and Hank Sands had both confessed
complicity, while neither admitted regret; but need she
hate ‘and punish them? They were poor, blinded creatures,
who believed that the blood on their hands was put there in
the honest service of their employers. They were not
thinkers, and did not pause to weigh their actions, either
past or contemplated. She almost felt that she would be’
satisfied with the leaders. She learned that Lat Jennings
had had no hand in the affair. He had been since employed
by Lancaster, and did not closely question the wages he
pocketed. And he had confessed to her his favor for Mary
Madnau, and admitted that at times he felt the keenest self-
contempt. There was in him nothing to punish, but every-
thing to deplore and pity. And the citizens of Trelawna
who had wronged her were dupes; should one punish the
club ‘with which the villain strikes his blows, so much as the
villain himself ? The wily, scheming, flattering Lancaster,
and the two aristocratic, merciless Talberts, and their equally
guilty father, were the ones she selected for examples,
