16 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“Why, in ropin’ an unbranded critter that’s got no one to
look after her; and seein’ her safe through the winter when
the feed’s short, and takin’ good care of her. I know that
if I’d rope such a one that I’d put the brand on ’mighty light
and turn her into a pasture that’s runnin’ over with feed,
and that’s got lots of pifions for shelter.” And Jim leaned
hard against the wagon, and looking dreamily over the heads
of the busily eating group, gazed away at the far-off settle-
ment on Trelawna Creek.
“Say Jim, do you know what’s the matter with you?”
asked Kid, as he gulped down a huge mouthful of beans.
“Tf you don’t, I can tell you. You're locoed.”
Jim- kicked his saddle under the wagon and looked
vacantly atthe men. Then he turned his eyes to where Kate
was picking up her supper.
“That knot in that rope is a mighty queer one for a cow-
man to tie, Jim. Choke the brute to death,” said Lan-
caster.
“ Thought you was the man that always intended to shun
tanglefoot,” said the Kid, as the pifion bough upon which he
sat broke and turned him and his plate of beans back into the
lap of Penobscot Bill who was suppering in the immediate
rear.
“Thunder and lightning!” said Jim, waking at last,
“what’s the matter with all you fellows? Who said I was
drunk ?”
“Well, you’re acting mighty funny, Jim,” said Lan-
caster, ending his sentence with a long, musical little laugh.
“O, Tm a funny boy—just get me started right,” said
Jim, with wrath in his eye. He then approached the little
run, washed his hands, face and neck in its pellucid waters,
dried them on the handkerchief from his bip pocket, retied
his neckerchief and approached the mess. He loaded a tin
plate with food and ate ravenously, all the while maintain-
ing silence. He soon finished his meal, and announcing that
he would now saddle a fresh horse and go to the relief of the
boys who were holding the cattle, left the mess.
He took a coiled riata from under the mess wagon and
walking a few paces off to where some twenty unpicketed
ponies grazed, he approached one well tattooed with saddle
marks and making a quick, well calculated fling of the riata,
secured the pony by the neck. The pony was apparently accus-
tomed to this procedure, as he quietly followed in the direction
that Jim led. He was soon saddled, and with his captor
