306 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
‘“‘What’s the matter?” he asked softly, for he did not
wish to awake and alarm the Hogans.
“Why, I don’t know that there’s anything, but things do
look just a little off. Jim went out on the range yesterday
and didn’t get back, Mrs. Madnau would not go to bed,
but sat waiting for him. Eight men went up the creek a
little while ago. She saw them, and she’s just frantic. She
thinks they’ve got away with Jim. She sent me out to see
if I could find out anything, and Bill and Iola are trying to
quiet her. She wouldn’t let me call Mrs. Hopkins, ’cause
the old lady’s been sick of late.”
“What do you think we’d better do? ” asked Gus.
“Well we might trail up Lancaster. We might get some
light that way.”
They were soon moving stealthily down the road. As
they approached Herron’s house they saw a light; it disap-
peared just before they were alongside. The dog barked at
them, but Gus dismounted, leaped into the pasture near the
house, and going up to a saddle horse that had just been
rolling upon the ground, rubbed his hand over his coat.
The hand came away wet with perspiration. They made
quite free with the premises of Mr. Lancaster. They found
his saddle horse damp and warm, but with this they were
not satisfied. Kid stole into the stable while Gus watched
without. He made a little torch of aletter in his pocket and
examined the saddle that hung on the wall. He drew off the
riata and uncoiled it. There were three places where the
dust adhered to itstubbornly. He rubbed these. There was
something sticky in the dust that made a dark paste on his
thumb and finger. His torch had gone out. He trampled
its ashes into the debris on the stable floor. Then he coiled
up the riata and placed it again on the saddle horn. Then
he went out, fastened the door, and mounted his horse.
“We'd better go on to Milroy,” he said, as he finished his
narration to Gus.
They reached town just as day was breaking. The murder
was already known to many. The two vaqueros took one
look at the body of their friend, then Gus hurried back with
the news, Kid remaining for the present in town, feeling
that some friendly heart should remain near the outraged
clay until the forms of law could be complied with.
Gus took his news to Mr. Hogan. The old gentlemen
hitched up his spring wagon and went up to the Bar Eleven.
His object was to bring poor Mary to his house, where he
and his good wife could soothe and nurse her.
