DEEPENING CLOUDS. 297
not the slightest thing of value to be disregarded. They
looked upon his complaints of lost stock as a wicked
effort to throw his guilt upon the shoulders of innocent par-
ties. So, blinded by jealousy and maddened by loss, they
followed ruthlessly their fellow victim, while the criminals
laughed in security. There were more meetings at the Circle
Bar, at which the three Talberts made elaborate plans, and
at which Stanley talked in a low tone of things he had seen,
of the difficulty of proof, and of the necessity of using some-
thing more convincing than law, and ever and anon laugh-
ing very, very softly.
And Jere Herron, Pete Gregg, Abner Jones, Bill Coffroth,
and even old Peter Chase, inflamed to fight their neighbor
by the venom their wily, self-constituted leaders poured into
their ears, like the bond gladiators of old who were inflamed
to fury by noxious drugs so that they would hound their
brothers to death, stood ready, mad, eager, servile and un-
questioning. They became machines, and handed to their
leaders the enginery by which they might be controlled and
led and moved. Their minds once fixed, looked not to the
right nor to the left. They forgot that the constitution
gives every man the right of trial by jury. They asked
a sacrifice to their fury; blood must quench its flame. They
constituted themselves a court, and on the evidence of the
leaders of a rich and powerful company they pronounced their
neighbor guilty.
When prejudice has once sealed our eyes, naught can open
them save a shock. We, because we can not clearly see,
refuse also to hear. Our fellow creatures may be sighing in
chains, dying from injustice, breathing malarial air, sweat-
ing in unremunerated toil, or shrinking in shame; but what
is that to us? We are serving self. We ask that our im-
perious will be knelt to. Wescorn the saint and embrace the
spoiler. If we open our eyes we will see the things we have
sworn not to see; if we open our ears we will hear the things
we have sworn not to hear. Let us sleep a little longer.
The awakening will come, parading our shortcomings before
our eyes, showing us our victims, our stupidity, our poor,
weak claims to humanity, laughing like a fiend over our
temptation and our fall. We who scorn reason will meet
remorse. Had we not better consider while considering will
be of service, than to put on sackcloth for that which can
never be undone? Were it not better to pause in the exe-
cution of our sovereign will than to carry with us through
