208 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
great, world-renowned, and only Humpty Dumpty collection
of twenty-seven unequaled stars, which electrified our village
for one night only. My ardent but inexperienced cousin
became so enamored of the thick-set young lady in sky-
blue tights, that he abandoned home, friends, and _pro-
fession—the law—to follow the Humpty-Dumpty show.
The last heard of him he was married to the above-described
young lady, who had obtained a divorce from her second liv-
ing husband in order to grasp the honor of becoming a
Carver. Tom had gone upon the stage, and was astonishing
the public with a new and progressive style of cross-heeled
clog-dancing.
“ When Aunt Ellen learned that the dansewse had become
her daughter-in-law, she sadly wiped away a tear, and
remarked that she did not understand it at all; she was sure
that no one had tried harder than she to raise her family
right. ‘Perhaps it was the bad example of Mary.’ Then
I thought that had my aunt bestowed a part of the watchful
care with which she had sheltered me upon her son, that the
result might have been more satisfactory to her. But I had
learned the wisdom of silence in the presence of my worthy
aunt ; I refrained from offering any suggestions, and feeling
that it was the young lady of the sky-blue tights who was
badly married, I stole away to shed a quiet tear of sorrow
for her unfortunate lot. Archie’s imagination and loquacity
continued to augment themselves at the expense of his
industry. Uncle Bluecut had long cherished the idea of
educating him for the ministry; but after Deacon Powell,
Elder Snodgrass, Judge Blinker, Captain Jones, and a few
others came to him, individually, collectively, and in detached
groups, to demand the origin of certain sensational stories
circulated by Archie, in which the above-mentioned catalogue
of gentlemen figured conspicuously but unfavorably, my uncle
gave up the hope of Archie flourishing in the pulpit, and
decided upon a line of mercantile training. Archie obtained
a situation in the grocery house of Mr. G. W. Smith; in
this line of business he had a good opportunity to exercise
his imagination as well as his conversational powers in
praising up wilted cabbage and strong butter. Archie
seemed to have found his vocation, and all looked promising
until a small sum of money was missed from the cash-drawer.
Uncle Bluecut paid the amount, and succeeded in keeping
the affair out of the papers. Aunt Ellen had again recourse
