THE COWBOY AS A POET. 159
Like the gloom of human ills—
Yield their depths to morn’s bright king ;
For undying love I sing ;
For undying love I sing.
When the sun shall slowly rise,
And shall bid thee ope thine eyes,
Then the heart that knows thy sway
Shall be weary miles away,
Where the torrent, peak, and tree
Shall thine only rivals be ;
Shall thine only rivals be.
Antonita, if thou hear
Let thy voice my dolor cheer.
Send a message to my heart
Lest two lives forever part ;
And thy wealth of love I'll store,
In my heart forevermore ;
In my heart forevermore.
As Kid’s favor for Bella was not generally known, the
singer was not honored by any annoying glances. His song
was very well received. Broncho Charlie declined to sing,
but the Hogans sang together the sweet old hymn, “Jesus,
Lover of my Soul.” Mr. Jennings was kind enough to con-
sent to sing a song of his own manufacture, since “ The
Wild Cowboy ” was the production of one of his numerous
girls, and not his own effort. The poem he now offered had
been printed in The Howling Blizzard at the time that sheet
had the distinguished honor to be engineered by Mr. Jen-
nings. The song alluded in a pathetic manner to the sore
trials of a cowboy’s life, and in its final stanza the author
roundly declared his intention to abandon range riding and
stay at home “witha true and loving wife.”
Just before departure the young people had Mary play
the piano while they engaged in the interesting game of
“Marching to Jerusalem.” In this game a line of persons
prepare to march round a double row of chairs placed backs
together; there must be one person more than the number
of chairs; the captain sits down at the piano—any instru-
ment will do—and begins to play a spirited air to which the
players march; the captain suddenly stops playing, when
the marchers wildly scramble for chairs. The one who is
left without then draws a chair out of the row and retires
from the game while the others proceed until all the chairs
are taken. Bella, Iola, Lat, Bill, Charlie, Kid, Gus and
Jim played the first game with such success that the Hogans
