THE COWBOY AS ROMANCER. 227
hermit and Mr. Jonathan Jones be told also, but the narrat
ing party said that the story was the story of the vaquero
and the lady, and that having taken the other’ characters
safely past the bears and into the town, the audience ought
to be satisfied. After dancing a quadrille or two and playing
a game of “Marching to Jerusalem ” the crowd dispersed,
all the young people agreeing to be present at the Circle Bar
ball. Owing to the hesitation most of the young people
showed when asked to help entertain, no more literary
evenings were planned for the present. The pleasure of
dancing would be tested for a time.
Bella Martin remained over night with Tola. When the sit-
ting-room was empty of all save the three ladies—for the two
girls had pleaded with Mary to sit up and talk ball dresses—
the proceedings therein were quite undignified. It was
undignified in Mary to refuse to talk ball dress, and spend
her time in making light of the Knight of the Kaw Plains.
It was undignified in her to get possession of that gentle-
man’s tan colored hat, stick the band full of playing cards,
put the hat well on one side of her head, and then sit down
and tell over the story of the buffalo wallow, the history of
the enamored Indian maid, the legend of Boniveld, and the
tale of the bank robbery at Quinine Center, rising every now
and then to expectorate into the fireplace, and carefully
imitating all Mr. Jennings’s movements. After the stories
were done it was undignified in Bella to snatch the hat from
Mary’s head, shake the playing cards over Iola, then kick
the hat all about the floor, in which pastime both the other
ladies assisted with a will. The ladies were indignant
because Mr. Jennings had shirked his part of the story-tell-
ing and they took this undignified way of avenging them-
selves. It was undignified in Jim to get up and lock all the
doors to the sitting-room, thus imprisoning the noisy party
who murdered his sleep, and crawl into his bed chamber
through a window. It was undignified in the ladies to raise
one of the sitting-room windows and push Mary out so that
she could dip pans of water out of the flume and douse her
lord through the bedroom window until he consented to
open the prison doors. It was undignified in Jim when he
rose to open the doors, to rush out, seize his wife and, carrying
her out into the yard, dip her head into the flume. It was
undignified in Hankum to become so angry at the screams
of his beloved mistress as to bite his master’s heels. It was
undignified in Kid to come down-stairs to learn which por-
