EULALIA. 269
a long, low unmeaning cry, such as the tortured muscles call
forth after the mind is in oblivion, she went back to that
dream ; she lay in ecstasy, drinking in sweet visions of blessed
unreality ; she went through her bridal and nursed her first-
born before she wakened again; and while she lay thus
what did it matter to her that civilization needed her body
to sate the lust of its men, and had sent bloodhounds to
bring her forth? Presently she realized that she was being
dragged from some enclosure. She dimly remembered now,
hiding between the two piles of cut logs. A heavy voice
ordered her to stand up, and when she did so, leaning upon
some creature, she knew not what or whom, the voicc asked
her if she would stay down at the cabin now and behave
herself. She opened her eyes and looked round and tried to
call events back. No, this was not Pierre. And why did
her hand throb and pain so? And why was it tied up in
that old red cotton handkerchief, wet with dark stains ?
And what were those two huge creatures sniffing at her dress ?
O yes, she remembered it all now.
“TI say,” said the citizen upon whom she leaned, “are
you goin’ to stay down at the cabin and behave yerself now ?”
She had looked dizzily down at the two huge creatures with
their hungry eyes and white fangs; she caught sight of the
rents and blood that marked her dress, and of her wounded
hand. All these were strong arguments. She did not quite
understand what the man had said, but she knew from his
tone that she was being asked to make some sort of a prom-
ise. And whether the promise were right or wrong the ar-
guments for making it were heavy, so she promised, Jerk-
ing her unwounded hand away from one of the dogs who in
spite of his master’s threats leaped at it, she cried out the
French equivalent for:
“Yes, yes; beneficent God; yes.”
Then she had gone back to the dance-house, and reveled
by night, and dreamed by day alternately of her old home
and of the hell-flame the good nuns had described. But she
did not remain here long. Lumberers, like many other men,
want variety in their ladies. They must be changed from
time to time. Eulalia, along with four others had been bar-
tered for their number of city girls. After a time she began
to drift. She was here, now. No matter where she would
be next. Just as the world was one great cotton-field to the
slave who was dragged from post to pillar for the money he
could earn for idle hands, so to her the world was one great
