134 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
and the strong are seldom victimized to any great extent
by the weak. A man would stand more chances of entrap-
ping to wifehood the woman he coveted, than would a woman
of tricking her most desired one. Women enjoy being
hunted far more than they enjoy hunting, and it would be
long years before any change could train this trait out of
them. But the nation will not give us such a law while
the women submit so easily. There is no use in them deny-
ing their dissatisfaction at the present state of affairs ;
they’d gain far more to come out and demand equality
and their right of helping make the laws that govern them.
There is a good deal of truth in that old saying that ‘Who
would be free, themselves must strike the blow.’ If I was
a woman whose husband believed me fit to occupy under the
law only the position that is granted to convicts, I’d never
give him any peace till he changed his mind. I’d give him
reason to believe I was capable of making a disturbance,
anyhow.”
On the next day after this conversation the Madnaus
went to Milroy City to meet Iola. As this young lady takes
off her wraps in the sitting-room she will be presented to the
reader. She is a little taller than her sister, and carries
flesh sufficient for a voluptuous form—there is no undue
stoutness and yet no suggestion of the slenderness that
characterizes Mary. Her features are clearly cut, her eyes
very dark, hair dark and abundant, hanging in dense, well-
curled bangs over her forehead. There is independence in
the nose, insubordination in the mouth, witchery in the eyes,
and charm and command as well as stately beauty in the
whole presence. Her well fitting fashionable travelling
dress did not reveal to the casual observer the cheapness of
its material, for Iola Fleming was one of those young
women who look carefully after effect. She had none of
the dreamy air of her sister. She was the wide awake, in-
dependent girl of the period, and Mary the charming, dream-
ing, inwardly obstinate gypsy. There were certain resem-
blances of feature and manner, but they suggested contrast
rather than similarity. She looked from her sister to her
new brother, feeling some awe of the new relationship and
wondering just how she ought to conduct herself. It had
been understood that she was to be Mary’s assistant in the
housework; and even her first moments in the house were
to a certain extent employed in devising means of eluding
her new and stern appearing brother’s surveillance and rule.
