THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
Might not caste be a mere brain myth, then, after all,
And love heaven-sweet for a vaquero tall ?
Musing these things she sat for a wearisome hour,
Her heart calling him back with first love’s awful power}
Then she turned and fied back to the mouth of the den
Quickly followed along by the wondering men.
No wild beasts lingered near, but the shadows of night
Were driving to westward the last beams of light.
The men and the maid to the valley came down
A night march to make for the neighboring town.
Mister Jonathan Jones gave Delia a part
Of the gold that King left, for a little life start.
King having discovered the wonderful lead,
Delia felt that she justly might ownership plead;
For her husband had sworn in his vows to endow
Her with all of his goods. She received his wealth now,
And purchased a horse, man’s apparel, and spurs,
And quite disregarding society’s slurs,
Was off ere the morn for the wild grassy land
That is known as the Pan Handle plain, broad and grand
Her mind on her lover, forgetting her Greek,
She sped o’er the valley and rounded the peak;
Till she left the wild hills and rode down to the plain
Where seldom come clouds and more seldom comes rain,
At the isolate ranche and the trading post lone
She paused to inquire if her lord past had flown;
But not till the mid plain she rested upon
Did she get any word where her husband had gone.
She paused at the camp of a round up to dine,
Feeling spirit and heart in weariness pine;
The rough men were kind to the worn stranger boy,
But their soft ministrations brought her no joy.
Had the friend she described to them travelled that way ?
He had rode on their range, they said, many a day;
And he was so sad, and silent, and drear—
They hoped this new friend might his gloomy soul cheer.
Delia rose from the mess and looked out to the east
Where a horseman advanced like Eolus released.
As he leaped from his saddle, she threw up her hand
And never was known swifter magical wand;
The cast-off hat and wig revealed feminine charms—
wealth of dark hair rippled over her arms;
Then strength swiftly fled, and she weakly down-sank }
On the tall, waving grass of the sunny creek bank,
Calling out to her husband with sighs aud with tears
And vowing to love him through all coming years.
He knelt by her side while the joy in his heart
Bade tears from his eyelids begrudgingly start;
And the touch of his lips as they pressed her browned ch
Was sweeter by far than rare volumes of Greek.
the story concluded the crowd broke into apph
insisted that the fate of the two Turks and of
