MILROY CITY HAS A RACE DISPLAY. 333
Not until the arrival at the track was it finally decided
who should ride. Gus was an excellent and cool-headed
rider, but his bony frame was heavy. Then Kid, though
excitable, had other advantages as well as lightness. For
instance, Thundercloud had a fashion of wringing his enor-
mous, unclipped tail like a whip-lash. Now if he should en-
tangle the same in Gus’s long legs his equine spirit would
be certain to be disturbed, and he would in all likelihood
take to pitching, instead of attending to the more serious
business of coming in on the home stretch.
So Kid was to ride.
Jere Herron and Tom Samp were the heaviest bankers on
Thundercloud. Jere’s risks were for the greater part that
he would come in last, while Tom’s were that he would get
around first. Tom had found takers for every dollar and for
every dollar’s worth of goods he had in the world. | Griff
Henry was risking some seventy-five dollars. Jere Herron
had put the returns for twelve head of fat steers into the
mill. Impatiently they waited.
The five-mile race was a brilliant affair. The men rode
in full costume, dismounting’ for the most part while their
horses were at a gallop, and springing upon others that were
off at a run on the instant. Lat Jennings.was helping Griff
Henry to mount, and he did this so efficiently as to lose that
gentleman much good time. Amid the waving of hats,
gloves and kerchiefs the horses were urged twice round the
ring, the riders springing off and being hustled upon fresh
horses, held saddled and ready by theirfriends. Fora time
the Rowlock string seemed losing, but they had reserved
their best horses for the last. Amid the wild cheering of a
crowd of onlookers that in their excitement stood erect in
their vehicles and swayed in the grandstand, the Rowlock
rider came in ahead. But Griff had run a noble race; his
horse’s nose reached the winner’s shoulder, and the crowd,
feeling that the nerving spectacle called for solid apprecia-
tion, made up a handsome purse for him.
And now came the half-mile dash for cow ponies. The
preceding display had been so absorbing to the crowd that
they looked to be disappointed in what followed. But when
eleven fresh, untried, prancing animals were led into the
ring, they settled into intense interest. The disfigured
sorrel came into the ring bearing a rider clothed in patched
overalls of a dirty brown color, and with his bare elbows
sticking out of the blue sleeves of a gray shirt.
