128 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
dence and bring home her young wanderer. Thus she could
gather up news during the day and leave it crisp, fresh and
in large quantities with Mary at night. Since Mary loved
the loss of her household order better than she loved gossip,
she enjoyed Bertie’s visits better than those of his mother.
Another discovery made by Mary was that her husband
was much more tractable than she had expected to find
him. She tremblingly asked him one morning, preluding
the question with a kiss, if she might say a few words in re-
gard to hislanguage. Jim had surprised her by urging her
to watch him and correct him, as he had never had much
chance to learn the rules of correct usage. She alluded to
his habit of omitting to sound the “g” at the end of the
syllable “ing.”
“Why, do I do that ? ” asked Jim in surprise.
“Why yes, you always do; you say, ‘ bein’,’ and ‘ goin’,’
and ‘startin’. ”
“Well, I never noticed myself doin’ that,” he said with
wide open eyes.
“There! you did just then. You said ‘doin’.”
“Well, I never noticed it before. I’ve noticed others
leavin’ off their ‘ g’s,’ though.”
“There, now, you did it again. You said ‘leavin’.”
“Did 1? Well, I'll watch myself. You hit me when-
ever I make such a break, and I’ll soon get over it.”
“ And then, Jim, if I were you, I wouldn’t call people I
admired, ‘snorts,’ and ‘howlers,’ and ‘terrors.’ The other
day when I asked you what kind of a young man Gus Waite
is, you said he is a ‘high kicker from Scranton.’”
“Well, it’s all habit, Mary. I don’t notice it. The
crowds that I run with talk that way, and the first thing I
know, I’m firin’ off too.”
Mary doubled her fist and gave him a little blow on the
chest.
‘“ Hit me harder, so I’ll remember,” said Jim, as he took
in a long breath. “Now, hit me just as hard as you can.
Hit me; youcan’t hurt me,” he said, as she hesitated. Mary
complied.
“ Didn’t that hurt you?” she asked, wonderingly.
“Do you think there’s muscle enough there to hurt any-
thing?” he asked, as he pushed up her sleeve, “ Lovk here,
now ; here’s an arm for you,” he said, ashe pushed up his
own sleeve, and revealed muscles like knotted cords. “Com-
pare that arm and this; and yet,” he said, as his eyes took
