SO MANY RIATAS ARE THROWN, 101
sinking at her heart. She looked helplessly up at Amy, as a
child might when it recognizes your power and begs you to
spare its toy.
“ T’m—half—sick—to-day,” she gasped, as the color fled
from her face. How she hated her unsteady nerves, and
mourned her haphazard training.
“ Are you?” said Amy, hurriedly. “ T’ll call mamma.”
She ran out into the wide, cold hall, leaving the door open
behind her, and thus flooding the room with cooler air.
Mary stood up resolutely. Did a women—all the thousands
of women that crowd earth—have to suffer this, perhaps only
to be disappointed at last ?
Amy came in, bringing with her a woman of about five feet
four inches in height, rather stoutly built, youthful-looking,
and handsome. Her face was particularly pleasant, and her
carriage stately. She wore a handsome costume of black
silk, with a scarf of rich silk lace at her neck. Amy intro-
duced her as her mother.
“Ym sorry to have troubled you,” said Mary. “Amy
ran off after you before I had time to tell her not to. I feel
better now; it was only a moment’s faintness. I have had
such spells before; I always get over them in afew minutes.”
Mrs. Chellis was overwhelming in her friendliness. When
she found that Mary really would not be put to bed, or have
her feet put in hot water, or have a glass of wine, or a cup
of tea, she sat down and entered into a friendly conversation
with her. She had thought of her so often, out here alone,
away from her people. Was she an orphan? O, dear, that
was too bad. And she must be so careful. People are so
deceitful and so unkind to strangers. She must watch people,
and not let herself be imposed upon and deceived. She felt
that alone young woman ought to trust to the judgment of
some well-judging older person concerning the friendships
she formed, Then she fell to talking of the school, and telling
Mary how well she heard she was doing. Mary was com-
pletely won. The woman’s voice and manner were so cordial
and hearty. She left them presently, and soon after dinner
was announced. Mary was led through the hall, and then
into a sitting-room almost as gorgeous as the parlor. Here
she was introduced to Colonel Chellis and the Rev. Mr.
Pander, of Milroy City. At dinner she was placed very near
the latter gentleman. He engineered the conversation, and
forwarded the opinion that the world was leaving its original
sinless and hhappy state, and rushing without any delay to
