ACTION UNDER THE RIATA. 133
he said, “sat in unquestioned power over his millions, with
unlimited right to tax, to kill, to pillage, to burn and to de-
stroy, there was an example of perfect liberty. But it was the
perfect liberty of but one creature. When power, position or
tradition gives perfect liberty to one creature, it gives per-
fect slavery and dearth of all liberty to all other creatures.
Perfect liberty means unquestioned right for the strong and
unquestioned submission for the weak. Legislating against
the abused liberty of the strong means increased liberty for
the weak. In absolute freedom the strong will trample upon
and crush the weak. Justice demands not that all be ab-
solutely free to act as they choose, but that all be made
by the law equally able to protect self. When the people
in different nations began to arise and demand a share in
the government, the sovereigns all uttered the same cry:
‘You are taking away my liberty, and my rights.’ When
the baron of Western Europe found his vassals slipping out
of his power, when the Russian noble and the American
slaveholder were told to let their bondsmen go forth free,
they sounded that same cry. And now that the libertines of
America feel in the breezes of progress the assurance that
the women they have triumphed over will be lifted from
under their feet and made their equals before the law, they
too, sound the tyrant’s old cry; ‘ You are taking away our
liberties and our rights.’ A bitter curse upon the tongue
that asks liberty for self and slavery for others. Why, Mary,
in some ways women are worse off than slaves. A slave, as
long as he had ability to take care of little children, to pull
weeds, or even to sit and with aged bony fingers skim the bits
of floating cane from the sugar-water vats, had a money value
and was an object of a certain amount of care and protection.
But after a fallen woman has arrived at a certain stage of
degradation she has no value to any one and does not receive
at the hands of any member of the human family the con-
sideration that is given to a stray dog. I think it high time
we had laws to render such degradation impossible.”
“ And will we ever have them, Jim ? Is there hope?”
“ Humanity, reason and investigation do not always sleep.”
“T spoke to Uncle Bluecut once about such a law, and he
said it would give the women all the advantage.”
“If that would be true I could not object to it, for after
the advantage being on the side of the men so many ages, I
consider it only just that the women should have their turn.
But it would not be the case. Men are stronger than women
