THE TENDERFOOT. 23
then | you'll have a chance to learn all about the cow busi-
ness.
“Oh! oh! That will be grand!” said Mary, clapping
her hands. Then she seemed to reflect for a moment. “ But
will we be safe ?” she asked, hesitatingly.
“Safe? What's to hurt us?”
“ Why—I’ve read—that the cowboys——”
- “Qh, yes; so’ve I. Now, look here, gal, they’s some cow-
boys that’s jest the noblest fellows on airth; they’s others
that’s as good as gold when they’re sober, but git mighty
unsteady when they’re boozy. Then, of course,. they’s. some
genuine bad ones, that don’t care for either God nor man,
and had rather kill somebody than to clean out the gun-
barrel after they’re done shootin’. I’ve seen all three sorts.
But then they ain’t any of them goin’ to hurt you. They
ain’t any of the worst kind here, anyhow; they stick to the
frontier, where the law ain’t very thick. But even if they
was here, they wouldn’t hurt you. If there’s anything in
this whole world that a cowboy jest naturally hankers after,
it’s a gal. Good, bad, and middlin’ are all alike there.”
“ But if they are so fond of women ”
“Oh! you’re afraid one of ’em’ll carry you off. Well, it
wouldn’t surprise me very much if one did. But let me tell
you one thing, gal; if he does, it’ll be mighty apt to be with
your full and free consent. These cowboys are a winnin’
set—especially the good ones—I’ve known of ’em carryin’ off
mighty fine women; and the women didn’t pull back very
hard neither.”
“Well, Mr. Hogan,” she began, indignantly, “if you
think for a single moment——”
“T don’t think much about it, gal; I shan’t lose no sleep
over it. But if you want to see the round-up Saturday,
Harriet and me will go along with you. Then they’s
another thing. Dan Hopkins’ wife has got a new sewing-
machine, and since the agent’s gone she can’t do nothin’
with it. I told’em you claimed to be a good hand at sewin’,
and maybe you could doctor the machine. He said he’d be
glad if you’d come over some night and try it.”
“ Very well. Where do they live?”
“Maybe you noticed the top of a house about half a mile
ahead; due west from here? It’s nearly hid amongst
cotton woods.”
“ T don’t remember seeing it.”
“Well, that’s where they live; and you'll find ‘em a
mighty fine old couple.” wee,


