264 THE ADMINISTRATRLi.
“Why, he’s going to Cedar Ridge to meet Mr. Harcoot,”
said Mary.
“ He’s going to that dance-house.”
“QO, Jim, you don’t think that, do you? Talways believed
him bad, but I can’t think he’d go to such a place so close
here, where he’s trying to go into society.”
“ Well, I’ve been watching him. That’s where he’s bound
for.”
“Then Jim, why don’t you warn him and keep him from
going ?”
“Not much, I won’t warn him. I want to find him out.
If I thought it was his first trip to such a place I’d be quick
enough to warn him, and do my best to keep him away.
But if he goes there at his age, it’s an old game with him.
He’s been slinging the angel on go thick lately that ’m
going to find out how deep it lays. I won’t give him a hint
that I suspect him. I’ll just give him plenty of rope and
see if he can keep from tangling himself up.”
“ And how will you find out?”
“Tt’ll be no trouble to find out. Men like to give each
other away so well that no such secret will keep. Why, his
very looks will give him away. When I was a boy I used
to work on a farm in New York some. I’ve watched several
sheep-killing dogs come home. They were always too humble
and good by half. If Jennings comes to the table Sunday
morning excessively polite, agreeing with all you and I say,
with a kind of hang-dog look, talking volubly about where
he spent his evening, with a slight cold from dancing, and a
robust color from beer, eats a ight breakfast and tries all
the time to convince us what a saint he is, I’ll know just as
well where he’s been as he will.”
“ And what will you do?”
“Fire him.”
“Well, I'll be glad of that. The house will seem rid of a
pestilence. The other day Hen Hall told me that he was
satisfied from the way Jennings talked that he intended to
try to rent part of your ground and marry Iola. Of. course
Tola would not notice him in such a light, but I do not want
him to insult her by asking her. And yet, Jim, I can’t help
hoping that he won’t go to that place. I'd like to find him
better than we give him credit for being.”
On Friday evening all the men of the Bar Eleven outfit
went over to Number Nine, the mining camp known as
Bavaria, to sec the splendid torchlight procession in honor of
