146 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“T was wounded twice Once when I was a cowboy—it
was when I was only seventeen and I’d just started out,—a
lot of us took Boniveld, a little town in southern Kansas.
I’m goin’ to jest admit the truth. I was drunk that time—
you see I was only seventeen. Never was drunk but twice
in my life—that time, and once when I-was eight years old,
when I got hold of some whiskey they kept in the house for
medicine. But when we undertook to take Boniveld we
found we’d bitten off considerable more than we could chaw.
One of the boys was lots fuller than the rest and he under-
took to run the town all by himself. The marshal come up
and throwed his six-shooter down on him, but before he got
it level he was lyin’ dead on the sidewalk. Then the citizens
took it up. There wasn’t a window anywhere that didn’t
have a gun pointed out of it, and I never saw citizens shoot
as straight as they did. I saw there wasn’t enough of us
boys to take the town, so I struck for the stable where I’d
left my horse and concluded I’d cut out of a side street and
shoot for camp. But jest as I got into the saddle an old
feller run round the corner of the barn and shot me right in
the shoulder here, with a load of fine bird shot. That made
me mad. I raised up my arm to see if he’d hurt it much,
and when I found he hadn’t, I took after him just as fast as
my horse could go. Thinks I now, ‘old feller, I'll just fix
you plenty.’ I had a six-shooter and a Winchester; the old
man run into a little house close there, and I shot through
that house in every direction as long as there was a load left
in either gun. I’ve often wondered whether I hurt that old
chap, but I never found out. Three of the boys was laid
out on the streets that time, but I got back to camp alive.”
“T suppose, you let Boniveld alone after that.”
“Not for long; we took it the next year. There were
enough of us to do it then.”
“ And what did you do after you’d taken a town?”
“OQ, we just walked or rode up and down the street, takin’
up all the room we could, and sassin’ the citizens and ridin’
our horses into the saloons, and callin’ ourselves lords, and
drinkin’ up all the good whiskey.”
“And did the amusement pay for the trouble?” she
asked with very perceptible contempt. .
Lat winced. He had begun to think his fair auditor re-
garded him as ahero. He again rose from his chair, pulled
up his pantaloons, pulled down his shirt under the arms,
pursed up his lips and went to the fireplace and spat. He
