THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 209
to her tears; she again spoke of the evil influence of ‘ that
child Mary.’ ;
“Tt was then that memory came to me, bringing up a
childish visit to Aunt Ellen’s, when Archie had thrown the
entire wardrobe of my rag doll into the cistern, and had
taken from me and eaten the whole of a splendid pear which
had been given me. I had flown to Aunt Ellen, and with
tears and sobs told the story of my wrongs. She had
answered that Archie had served me right. And now I
thought that perhaps this little seed of encouragement to
dishonesty might have produced the bitter fruit which my
aunt was tasting.
“ Nora had in the meantime become so polished that the
young gentlemen seemed to feel themselves too coarse and
common to approach her; Kate, in the frequent recital of my
faults, had acquired a goodly amount of sourness and sarcasm,
which, as we all know, tend to keep admirers at a distance ;
Nellie had sacrificed so much of her girlish warmth of heart
to her collars, cuffs and flounces, that she was no longer the
lovable creature whom all our school had worshipped as a
goddess of every-day goodness.
“ As Ned Blinker began to pay me very devoted atten-
tions, Uncle Bluecut’s entire family began to labor to save
him. My uncle himself first gave the judge a friendly talk ;
Aunt Ellen next called upon Mrs. Blinker, and proceeded to
warn her of the dangers thick about her; Kate talked to
Ned like a sister; and the whole family enjoined upon the
washerwoman the necessity of telling my full and complete
character to the Blinker hired man. Mrs. Blinker was
reputed to possess the finest display of china and glassware
in town, and to be very particular about it. So, as grandma
had always leaned toward my cousins, Aunt Ellen applied to
her for her assistance in the family emergency. Grandma
accordingly called upon Mrs. Blinker, and took with her the
ruins of an elegant berry-dish of hers which I had broken
some ten years before. She had kept these ruins all these
years, and had exhibited them to her callers with such per-
sistency, that the annihilated berry-dish had become quite
as celebrated in ourtown as is Bunker Hill monument in
Boston. Grandma now became eloquent upon the subject of
my havoc among crockery, and told Mrs. Blinker that Kate
had never been known to chip a dish or to tellalie. Mrs.
Blinker shed bitter tears at the prospect, but declared that
it would be useless for her to interfere.
14
