74 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“Well, the fact is—you see—I didn’t hardly think she’d
like to go away over there.”
“ QO, that’s it. And so I may thank her disinclination for
my opportunity,” and she laughed merrily.
Jim darkened again.
“ Now, Miss Fleming, I didn’t mean that at all. The fact
is, you asked me an awkward question, and I tried to
answer it by giving a wretchedly bad excuse. I’d like to
have your company ; and Miss Chellis has nothing to do with
it; lam under no obligation to any young lady.” His voice
was angry, and Mary trembled at the storm she had aroused.
Stanley would have sounded that exquisite little laugh of
his had she bantered him so.
“ Why, I was only joking, Mr. Madnau. And what harm
was there in what I said, anyhow ?” Herown face was hot,
and she was vexed and humbled at having this scene go on
in the presence of the Hogans.
“ Well, it would be little and mean in me to doas you
hinted,” he said, in a somewhat softened tone.
_“ But I did not mean it. Here, now, swallow your vexa-
tion in a big apple.” She passed the basin to him, and tried
hard to laugh. He took an apple—then burst out laughing
—then all were convulsed, and peace was restored.
“TI tell you, Jim,” began Mr. Hogan, “it’s no use to
bandy words with the women. They’ll wind you up every
time. It’s well enough to be on good terms with ’em, but
when they get to goin’ on like Mary was a while ago, it’s
better just to stand still and laugh at’em. The law don’t
give ’em any privileges, so it’s no more than right for us to
give ’em a little liberty with their tongues. Women say lots
of things they don’t mean.”
“ Thank you,” said Mary.
; i He will hit the women once in a while,” said the old
ady.
Jim now remembered that he had started home; he
placed his broad hat at avery slight angle upon his head.
(Let us hope that the angle was unintentional.)
“We'll start about seven o'clock, then, Miss Fleming,” he
said. He listened smilingly to Mary’s assent, then said
good-night, and opened the door. Three hearty good-nights
followed him out.
He had not more than got out of hearing, when Mary
asked the Hogans: ,
“ What made him get so angry when I said what I did ?
He nearly frightened me to death.”
