SWEET RECREATION. 251
her as a degraded subject, and places her below the level of
the liberated convict, J cannot understand. I say let the
prostitute demand and insist upon the same respectability
that is granted her male confederate. Let there be an end
of the system that maintains one class of women solely for
vice, and another solely for drudges and breeding animals.
If the nation gets uneasy for fear it will run short of
citizens, let it either do justice to the creatures who bear and
rear citizens, or else let it skirmish around and provide
citizens independent of the women. The women have a
monopoly on the citizen-producing business if they’d only
see it, and I believe in’em using the fact to their own
advancement. Women were made for men’s companions in
all things; and I say that when they’re compelled by law and
custom to be anything else, that they ought to raise just as
much of a racket as they possibly can.”
“O, but Kid, I’d be sorry to see the women all go bad
though I’ve got to admit they’re justifiable. It would put
things back mightily,” said Hen.
“What inducement is there for them to be decent?”
queried Kid. Now here’s Lat Jennings. He’ll run with
prostitutes till he wears out all his affection, and gets sick
and tired of women; and then he’ll marry some nice girl.
She’ll slave for him all her life, and nurse and take care of
his sassy brats, and clean their dirty noses, and take all her
husband’s impudence and tyranny, and so be rewarded for
being virtuous. He’ll have spent so much money on fast
women that he won’t even be able to buy her anything decent
to wear. I may be a blanked fool, but I'll come right out
and admit that I wouldn’t want any such a reward. I’d
rather have what cussedness was to be portioned out to me
straight, than to have it handed over to me by a husband.
I believe in strict equality even when it comes to cussed-
ness.
“Yes, and then decent people everywhere would be
throwin’ up to you how low down you were,” suggested
Charlie.
“They wouldn’t be accusing me of being so d—d tame,
anyhow,” said Kid. “And besides, if allthe women were to
turn out that way, one would be as respectable as another.
There wouldn’t be any class to be kicked and slurred and
shut out of society and made suffer so. It’s just what the
women will do, too, if they’re not treated better. They’re
getting too much sense to take their present treatment
