258 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
our neighbors as ourself. Well, I left my Bible upstairs,
and them two sneakin’ mavericks got it and took them cards
out to play poker with, and I tell you I kicked ’em, Missus;
I kicked ’em good. It’ll take me a week to think jest where
all them cards belonged and git ’em back right. As long as
them cards was there, I could take some kind o’ comfort
readin’ my Bible—it didn’t take me all day to hunt up the
passages—but now it’s all sp’ilt. Well, it’s no use groanin’
over it now. I'll jest turn in aud try to sleep off my mad.
Govd-night,” and Hen closed the stair door behind him,
leaving the occupants of the room convulsed with laughter.
Jim and Kid hurried out to “bring the wounded.” The
loud laughter of the two was soon heard in the direction of
the barn, and presently they returned, fullowed by the van-
quished. The latter were evidently more surprised than
hurt. Bill, with wide-open mouth, presented a very pallid
face. Lat was sternly silent, and visibly wrathful. Mary
and Iola, unable to restrain themselves, leaned on the card
table and laughed aloud, Jim and Kid joining. Bill, con-
cluding that maybe after all the affair had its comical side,
widened his mouth and indulged in a very doubtful smile.
Lat alone was unmoved. He occasionally gave his head an
ominous shake and his lips a menacing twitch. When the
merriment had somewhat subsided, he went to the door and
spat. Then he turned to the company, and said:
“ Now I’ll tell you people one thing, right here. If it
hadn’t been for you ladies bein’ in the house, I’d have
*tended to that chap. I’d have sure given him something to
remember. I’m liable to do it yet.”
“O don’t, Mr. Jennings,” pleaded Mary. “Let it drop
right here. Mr. Hall did not mean any harm. It was just
because he thought so much of his Bible.”
“ Well, anyhow, I don’t let fellers make as free with me.
Of course, though, I wouldn’t have hurt him in the house
here, with you ladies around.”
“ Well,” said Kid, “I don’t blame him. You fellows
hadn’t any business to take his cards.”
Bill acquiesced in this, but as the three filed upstairs Lat
muttered dire threats. Mary wore a troubled look. When
she was alone with Jim she said:
“Jim, I wish you would reason with Mr. Jennings. Iam
afraid he’ll do something terrible to Mr Hall.”
“Don’t you be scared,” said Jim as he patted her head.
“Jennings is an awful good fighter, I’ve no doubt; but
