THE DARLING OF THE CIRCLE BAR. 319
“Yes,I am. It’s just what I expect somebody’!l do, one
of these days.”
Now the depressed, handsome, childlike, frank and honest
appearing Mose was making a strong impression on the
hearts of these rough men. Sex may be hidden, but its
effect remains. It is said that when the pretty little Mar-
quis De C—— was sent by the court of France in female
apparel to the court of Russia as a diplomat, that it was the
ladies who fell in love with him. These men began to feel
a strange interest in Mose.
“Now look here, Mose,” said Ike, “if you’ve done any-
thing a little out o’ the reg’lar, you'd betterown up. You're
jest a boy, and we'll consider that. We’ll stand by you if
we can; if it’s too bad for that, we’ll move you on out 0’
reach o’ them that’s after you, and then let you go. We
won't blow on you.”
“Tf you stand by me, you'll have todo it without me
ownin’ up,” said Mose, softening his tone.
“Ts it the hoss and saddle? Did you clear out with ’em
in the night ?”
“No, I didn’t. I’m down in my luck. I got into a scrape
with some bad cowmen. They killed my best friend. I
may let you know all about it sometime, but I’ve told you
all I can just now.” He rose and went to the door, looking
out toward the moonlit pass and taking in long breaths of
the exquisite air.
“ We'll stand by you, Mose,” said Jennings,
“ That we will,” chorused the others.
“ Now tell us jest one thing more Mose,” said Jennings;
“did this killin’ scrape have anything to do with the love
business you hinted at awhile ago? Tell us that, and then
we'll let you alone.”
“ Yes, it had.”
Mose became a hero in their eyes. They lived over their
own impetuous youth as they looked uponhim. Not daring
to ask him after their promise, they whispered among them-
selves as to whether the lady might have been an American
girl, or a Spanish senorita, hoping that Mose would volun-
tarily answer. But Mose, though he heard every word, paid
no attention, thus heightening their curiosity a thousand
fold. They formed the wildest conjectures as to the fasci-
nating plot, but not another word could they wring from
ose.
In leas than a week the new-comer was a favorite. As
