SOMETHING NEW, 141
out of the range of Mr. Jennings’s vision. Iola looked out of
the window and talked volubly about the weather to just
any one at all. Mr. Jennings answered readily. and finally
Mary re-entered the room, the picture of matronly decorum.
Iola, however, did not honor her with a glance for some
time.
At lunch that evening Mr. Jennings became very communi-
cative. The subject of cowboys was introduced; Lat had
been a cowboy, off and on, since he was seventeen—nine
long, eventful years ago. He had worked for one man three
years, for another two; for his uncle four, down in the Indian
territory in the midst of dangers and horrors. Then he had
taken a good many odd jobs of cow-punching at different
times. These troublous years had made him old and wrinkled
before his time. Now, at twenty-six, he felt at least forty,
whether he looked it or not.
“When I select a profession, it will be law; I’m gettin’
tired of the cow business, ” said Kid.
“Now, you may not believe it, but Z studied law six months.
Thad all the state laws of Kansas at my tongue’s end,” said
at.
“ And why did you leave it off?” asked Jim.
“Well, I don’t know as I ought to say, and yet I will. I
concluded it was too dishonest a way of gettin’ a livin’.”
Then Mary’s credulity rose a little. The man was better
than she thought. Uncle Bluecut was a lawyer, and a man
who was too good to be a lawyer had one good trait at least.
She would soften her harsh judgment. What if his state-
ments were a little large? Had she any right to dispute
them? As far as his calculations of time went, might he
not have forgotten ? Or perhaps he had not worked full
years. He ought to know best, of course. The conversa-
tion continued for some moments and then Lat inquired if
the young people of Trelawna cared much for dancing.
“Oh, yes;” was the chorused answer.
“T went to one dance that I expect to remember to my
dyin’ day ;” said Lat.
“Did it break up in a row?” asked Bill eagerly.
“Well it amounted to about the same thing;” said Lat
in a confident, easy drawl. “I was jest a kid, then. They
was a big crowd at the dance and they was crowdin’ onto
the floor in shape. I’d hunted up the littlest woman in the
house and took my place at the head of a set, Jest then a
