348 THE ADMINISTRATRLX,
‘ CHAPTER XLVI, 4
THE DRIVE.
Ow the first day of the roundup the Circle Bar men sallied
forth. The saddle horses had been gathered the day before
so that no man’s string need prove deficient. They were
brought out now, some bridled and saddled, others unincum-
bered, led by the horsemen or tied behind the mess wagon.
There was a general air of stringiness about the company
—the long latigo straps, the coiled riatas, the fringe on chap-
arejos, the long tie-strings and hanging quirts. Yet these
men looked from themselves to Mose and in their self-esteem,
suffered by the comparison. He was the beau-ideal of beauty
and grace; they felt themselves crude and coarse, aud saw
in their own equipment little that was attractive and pictur-
esque.
Not so Mose. He looked at his fellow-beings, and in spite
of the flame that raged in his soul, seeking to devour them,
he confessed their manly appearance and equestrian excel-
lence. He was the child of romance, and none there felt the
influence of place, scene, mountain breeze and lively company
more than he. Griff Henry had fastened tic strings to his
broad hat to prevent its being lifted by the wind; the strings
were tied, and Griff had them between his teeth; Mose sat
silent, wishing he would remove them, and thus take away
all the grossness that remained to mar the pleasant picture
before him. When we contemplate leaving a scene it takes
on new beauties. As we bid farewell, forgotten sweetness
springs into view. We wonder if, after all, we have not
made a mistake in preparing to go. Life, now that Mose
was on the eve of discarding it, seemed to still retain some
charm. The mountain scenes were fairer than he had be-
lieved. Surely, life might be sweet, if only humanity were
just. He leaned back in his saddle, squared his narrow
shoulders, and took in long, deep draughts of the delicious
air, thinking how the highlands had given him renewed
health, while their inhabitants had given him living death.
He looked upon the men around him, wondering how many
