62 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
she find love and peace. She was the wild bird, who, free,
would do you service by ridding your garden of worms, bugs
and weed seeds, and ravish your ears with wild bursts of soar-
ing song; but caged, would beat her head against her prison
walls, and moan and chirp discordantly.
She had had more than her share of lovers, and her
experience with all had been much the same. She had been
attracted to each in turn by some trait of mind or by some
physical feature that appealed to some one of her many
romantic fancies—some brilliancy of talk or perfection in song,
some gleam of the eye or curl of the lip, some poise of a fine
figure, or graceful movement of a hand. She had enchained
them with her fascinating flow of lively and intelligent con-
versation; she was a brilliant student, and during her con-
versational play must talk books. She filled her admirers’ ears
with algebra, geometry, sines, arcs, tangents, axioms; she
devised corollaries and scholiums from their most ordinary
statements, and smilingly noted their astonished faces. She
told them pretty stories of myth and hero and wraith; she
interested them in the wonders of natural history ; sheleaned
upon their arms in the still night with raised finger pointing
out the constellations, and voice relating the rare romances
connected with their naming ; she tripped beside them in the
daytime, picking flowers to pieces and dilating upon stamens,
pistils, bracts, whorls and honey scales. And her admirers
were delighted; many of them were comparatively ignorant
of the themes she discussed ; but if her eyes flashed and her
face glowed while her silvery voice vibrated, did not the
latter circumstances counteract the former? And then she
managed them so nicely, she had such a delicate way of
making the gentlemen feel that she believed them quite as
well informed as herself; if she asked their opinions or ad-
vice it was certain to be upon some point of which they were
masters.
And the same ending came to all these little affairs. After
a few weeks of mutual devotion she fell from studying how
to amuse the gentlemen to studying the gentlemen them-
selves ; this was the fatal moment; she would invariably dis-
cover some similarity to her obnoxious Uncle Bluecut, or to
some one of his equally obnoxious sons, and the spell was
broken. Marriage with them meant the cage she was trying
to keep out of.. She would mope for a few weeks, meet the
discarded with a cold eye, and redouble her attentions to her
books, until another unsuspecting gentleman showed her
