36 THE ADMINISTRATRLYX.
smiled a little, laughed again and again smiled, until the
old lady wondered whether she ought to encourage such
levity by joining the merriment, and finally decided that she
ought. But the old man sat alone in the front seat as solemn
as an owl; he did not even look round to see the extent of
folly behind him. After they had ascended the slope for some
distance, however, he turned and pointed out to Mary the
Black Mountain, where the dreaded Mexican brothers, Juan
and Fernando Benita, had in an early day buried the bodies
of six victims whom they had murdered and robbed. And
Mary fell to dreaming of the romance of being captured by
Mexicans and being delivered before any harm befell her by
that tall, handsome Jim Madnau ;—but wait; there rose be-
fore her dream-vision the piercing, searching glance of the
other; the glance that seemed to read her soul—of course he
would be there, watching her and herrescuer; and the beauty
and the romance faded. There settled in their stead an unquiet
longing—a wish that that other person had never entered into
her vision—from her first sight of him, when he had paused
at her school-house door to inquire about his stock, he had
disquieted and disturbed her. Why did he enter her day-
dreams to dispel their carefully constructed perfections ?
Her reverie was dispelled by the stern voice of practi-
cality.
“Now, gal,” said Mr. Hogan, “if you'll look over the
flat there to the right, just on the other side of them cedars
yonder, you can see the top of the grub wagon. That’s the
camp.” The old lady assisted Mary to find the exact loca-
tion, which, when found, the latter lady heralded by a chorus
of exclamations.
“‘T’aint nothin’ but a cow punchers’ camp;” said the old
man sneeringly.
“We—ll;” said Mary, half vexed, but in a rather soft
tone. “Who said it was anything else?”
“ Nobody ; but you act like it was kingdom come, or a
gold mine.”
‘Tt may prove both to me;” said Mary musingly. Then,
she burst into a laugh which the old lady joined.
“ Think, you'll ketch Jim then, eh?” said the old man,
quietly.
“Mr. Hogan,” said Mary, with a large and admirable
amount of dignity, “do please quit bothering me about Jim
Madnau. I’ve seen men before. I don’t make up my mind
to marry people the first time I see them. Then, I don’t
