102 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
perdition. Mary, ill-starred creature that she was, in
answer to a question from the good man, replied that though
things were very, very bad, according to history they
were improving. Mr. Pander therefore opened a terrific fire
upon her unprotected head that made her regret, so far as it
left her able to regret anything, that she had ever harbored
such a thing as an opinion. He quoted authors with D. D.’s,
and LL. D.’s, and M. A.’s, and B. A.’s to their names, until the
mass of roast turkey and mashed potatoes Colonel Chellis had
heaped upon her plate seemed a mountain of formidable titles
and dire facts. He kept on proving her down long after
she had withdrawn her eyes from his face. She took up her
fork, mentally praying that learned people would learn to
temper their erudite breezes to the shorn lambs of society, but
her unsteady fingers would not retain their grasp. Mr. Pan-
der concluded with a long flourish concerning Perpetua,
Calvin, and Arnold of Brescia, and as he rounded off the last
long sentence, letting his voice fall with a strong, rising
inflection, Mary’s fork fell to the floor. She blessed the soft
carpet that broke the sound of its fall, and with flaming face
stooped and recovered it. But if the turkey had been roast-
hawk, and the candied peaches and Bavarian cream had been
sawdust immersed in melted lead, she could scarce have
enjoyed her dinner less.
Amy was wiser. She either appeared to agree or kept
silent, and so ate her dinner in peace.
Mary could have sunk on her knees, so thankful was she
to find herself once more in the parlor, away from the glaring
silver, the glittering glass, the uneatable food, and the
incorrigible Mr. Pander.
“Ts Mr. Pander a relative of yours?” she asked Amy.
“No; and I’m glad he isn’t. But when papa’s cough gets
a little worse he always has him out here to stay awhile.
That’s why we live out here,” she went on, softening her
tone a little; “ it’s on account of papa’s health. We used to
live in the city, where there was something to hear and see.
My married sister lives there now, and she’s always writing
about how much she gets to go about.”
“ Why don’t you live in Milroy ? It’s not a large place,
but it wouldn’t be so lonesome as the country.”
“OQ, the doctors wouldn’t let papa live in town at all.
They said he must live out in the country, and take long
walks or horseback rides every day. I visit Amelia some-
times; but papa is so selfish, he wants me to stay here most
