WAYS AND MEANS. 261
keeper. His wife was not musical, but she had musical as-
pirations. She wanted a parlor organ so that she could learn
to accompany herself when she sang “Nearer my God to
Thee.”
The motor that started Mr. Albert O. Albertson going was
something more than mere interest; it was ambition. Mr.
Albertson had once been wealthy ; but a career of lively spec-
ulating had drained him of most of his possesions save an
aristocratic wife and a pair each of sons and daughters. Mr.
Albertson frequently assured his friends that he intended his
children to be well educated and well brought up. He in-
tended himself always to be and live like a gentleman. He
intended to keep his wife like a lady or else quit keeping a
wife at all. A man that wasn’t capable of looking after a
family and keeping up decent appearances wasn’t fit to have
afamily at all, by thunder. Now Mr. Albertson, being of
aristocratic lineage and inheriting a pair of beautifully soft
white hands, was somewhat prejudiced against work. He
often informed his wife that there were enough fools in the
world to do all the work, and that the man who was smart
enough to watch his chance and gobble up the working man’s
wages was the real financial genius. Mrs. A. answered that
she was glad he had so discerning a mind, and that unless
he fixed up some trap to catch the working man’s wages she
would have to dismiss a portion of her five servant girls,
bring the boys home from the athletic school and the daughters
from the conservatory. This would not do. Mr. Albertson’s
children must have education and finery and excursions and
sea breezes. So he came down to the mining camp of Cedar
Ridge and talked with Mr. Eph Tompkins. Now when two
gentlemen, one actuated by interest and the other by ambi-
tion, meet, there is apt to be something done. The result
of the conversation was that Mr. Albertson leased from Mr.
Tompkins a piece of ground that, because of his inability to
get water upon it, refused to raise corn or alfalfa. So, as Mr.
Hogan said—Mr. Hogan was accustomed to the unrevised
version of the Scriptures, and also somewhat given to the use
of strong language—Mr. Albertson planted a large dance-
house thereon, irrigated with whiskey, and began to bring
forth large and thriving crops of Hell. The government
institution thus founded according to the statutes in such
cases made and provided, began to exchange love and affec-
tion in large quantities for dollars on which the little motto
“In God We Trust” was deeply stamped.
