PECULIARITIES OF THE TENDERFOOT. 61
romantic imagination, never directed but always suppressed to
the utmost, had made her, when alone and unoccupied, a con-
tinuous dreamer. The necessity of pleasing or conciliating
many people of many turns had developed the actress. The
many slurs as to her worthlessness cast upon her by jealous
cousins rendered her ambitious of self-glory ; while the rest-
lessness produced by an unsettled residence and a state of
almost continual dread of punishment or blame, had almost
produced the adventuress. Indeed on many a night after
some day of unusual hardship she had mentally resolved to
don male attire—even children can see how abundantly God
showers blessings upon trousers—and rush away to sea or to
battle; or to some other arena of freedom or death; not that
she regretted that she was not a man—no romantic woman
ever wished to yield up her sex—but she wanted liberty to
select her life walk ; she longed for dearth of restraint. But
the vanity was almost justifiable; the impulse, though often
ill-timed, hasty and unwise, was generous and hearty; the
dreams though wildly romantic, were lofty and clean, the
dramatic cunning for self-protection only; the ambition, a
weapon with which to humble tyrants. The woman wasstill
there, and in her, almost the poet and the philosopher; for
much as is to be said against the tyrant trainer, adversity, all
must admit that his vigorous rubs brighten many a rusty
spot of character.
The best actors are those who most closely follow nature ;
Mary was true to nature as her best self, and when acting she
was still natural. As naught else is so lovely as nature, so
none are so lovely as the natural. Those whose innate attrac-
tiveness has not yielded place to custom, affectation and
prejudice enthrall us in spite of ourselves. Mary Fleming
was one of the few who had not permitted an attractive individ-
uality to be ironed over society’s moulding block into the pre-
vailing shape. In spite of her ill-treatment her credulity was
great; her vivid imagination through it all supplied an air castle
with its accompanying knight to be won and triumphed in
at last. In the new people she met she had abundant faith.
The liberal education which one of her uncles provided for
her, and the yearning affection of that uncle’s wife, gave her
hope for the future and faith in mankind.
She loved character and hated restraint. As a child she
had gained a reputation for peevishness and temper because
of her dislike of the straight lines drawn for her by loveless
and unsympathetic aunts; in but one of her periodic homes did
