THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 195
faster than the approach of the drunken crowd. It passed
them by and ran up to the little depot. Before it was fairly
still the pair were upon the steps. ‘The brakeman helped
the girl as Harris followed with her valise.’
“¢ Anyone else ?’ he asked.
“No; we are all,’ said Harris, with forced calmness.
“© ¢What’s all that yelling about ?’
“¢ Drunken row.’
“The man signalled and the train moved on. It glided
past the little depot and was out upon the open plain before
the enraged crowd reached the platform.’ ,
“ ¢Go in and telegraph to Boneset!’ roared Johnson to
the operator. But the latter had been indulging so ‘freely
in wedding whiskey that he was entirely unable to do so.
So all that could be done was for Johnson to kick him about
the room, which he did as well as his own drunken state
would permit. The great social event of Tamarack had
failed.
“Harris and Louise were married at the breakfast station.
They are now teachers in a city school, and their cheerful
faces augur aught but unhappiness.
“Old Tom Hay has been laid to rest. Bug Johnson has
squandered most of his property but he is still ‘The Terror of
Tamarack.’
Mary now called the crowd to the piano. They must sing
some enlivening songs. This done, Lat Jennings cleared
his throat and delighted the company with the descrip-
tion of
“A COWBOY TRIP.”
“Now, this that I’m goin’ to tell you about happened
once when the fellers put up a job on me and got me drunk.
Never was drunk but twice, and this was one of the times.
I was about twenty-two years old. Me and a lot more cow-
boys was in town. I had on a full buckskin suit with great
long fringe on it. Had a hat with a brim eight inches
wide, and then I had my two gold-mounted six shooters and
a cartridge belt chuck full. Well, first thing I knowed I
found that me and my partner was on the train with through
tickets to Cincinnati in our pockets. At first we didn’t
hardly know what to do, but come to think I had an uncle
livin’ in Cincinnati, so we jest concluded we'd go on. Well,
as soon as we left the Kansas line we had everybody stariu’
