SOMETHING NEW. 139
same time the place he should occupy. “How wonderfully
self-possessed the villain is,” she added mentally as a new
qualm of dislike took possession of her. But the new hand
joined in the general conversation at the table and gave no
cause for the bad opinion raging in Mary’s mind. She got
possession of Jim as soon as possible after supper.
“Ts he a ‘gov’ment graduate’? ” she asked. Now Mr.
Hogan called tramps “ gov’ment graduates.” He insisted
that since saloons and houses of ill-repute are licensed gov-
ernment institutions that the men who finish their educa-
tion therein, and as a consequence tramp about the country
begging their bread, are government graduates.
“T don’t know,” said Jim. “I can’t make him out,” and
Jim went out to attend to his part of the feeding. That was
Friday evening. During Saturday the stranger took his
turn at the table conversation, talking with confidence and
ease. On Sunday morning he walked to Milroy City.
Mary and Iola discussed the new-comer critically, Mary
alluding to him as Mr. McSwifter, and Tola respectfully
dubbing him Mr. Redshirt, for when these ladies did not
know the name of an individual, they manufactured one to
fill the blank.
On Sunday evening Mary sat in the sitting-room, rocking
Bertie Herron and endeavoring to console him over a cut
finger which he had obtained in a manly effort to cut off
one of Hankum’s ears. Iola was in splendid costume. As
they sat thus alone the new-comerentered. He had brought
with him the Friday night before a valise, and from this he
had dressed himself. for the Sunday in rather cheap but
showy clothes. The same hat, however, did duty as a head
covering. He looked pleased when he found himself alone
with two interesting ladies. He seated himself and laid his
sombrero on the floor, making a few remarks to Iola con-
cerning the weather. Mary was busy in her efforts to con-
sole Bertie. She patted his head and sang in a soft voice:
“O Sammie, the moon looks so pretty to-night,
She was never so cunning before 3
Her two little prongs are so sharp and so bright,
I hope they'll keep growing some more.,
The one prong means office I’m certain to get,
The other means printing for you ;
And city attorney I surely will be
If to me you’re just faithful and true.”
a
