242 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
that she was worried, he resolutely threw off his gloom,
declared that he had not been feeling quite well, and that he
would soon be all right again. ‘Then Mary cheered, her
spirits rose, and her bloom came back. She was so rejoiced
to see her husband cheerful again that she romped over the
croquet-ground like a child, played duets with Kid, and
cribbage with Hen Hall, and finally summoned up patience
to finish teaching Lat the chords on the piano.
The latter gentleman now considered her capitulation only
a question of time. He agreed with all her opinions and
endorsed almost all she said. When he seconded her music
he informed her how her proficiency discouraged him. His
own fingers were sostiff from exposure to weather, managing
bad horses, pulling gun triggers at Indians and bad men,
that he could never hope to make them scamper over the
keys with the matchless grace she displayed. And during
all this time he was employing every opportunity to convince
her what a noble fellow he was—how often he had been
tempted to do wrong, and how bravely he had resisted—how
bitterly he repented the one or two little mistakes he had
made during life—he was not perfect, of course; no one was,
and he bitterly regretted that he was not, but ah! he was so
much better than some—how often bad designing people,
especially scheming women, had tried to rope him in and
pollute the integrity which was alike his proudest possession
and his greatest charm. His stories now were all on the
order heroic; they all pertained to things Mr. Jennings
had done for the salvation of the lost and the rescue of the
unfortunate. They pictured his love for mankind and his
deep desire for the equality of humanity. They all breathed
the fact that Mr. Jennings was a disguised philanthropist,
and that the load of fine bird-shot in his shoulder was the
only obstacle to the growth of angel wings. Mary was get-
ting so much amusement out of this state of affairs, that she
did not pause to consider the possible state of Jennings’s
mind, Indeed, it would have been difficult to convince her
that the man whom she had so berated was in love with her.
One evening, as he sat alone in the sitting-room, looking ever
and anon toward the dining-room door, she ran through the
dining-room, picking up her sewing as she ran. Iola shut
the door and stood against it.
“Let me through, quick, Tola,” said Mary; “I want to
rush into the sitting-room and get Horn-blower started on
another Indian Territory yarn.”
