VARIOUS OCCURRENCES, 173
gether are apt to have, to a certain extent, similar thoughts.
Lat, still angry, took up the ball.
“ve noticed one thing,” he said, decidedly ; “ I’ve noticed
that no matter what I think or say that you’ve always got
something to say that’s derogatory to my character.” This
sentence was finished in a much more civil tone than the
one in which it begun, for Lat caught sight of Jim’s face,
and saw that the slow-going gentleman was becoming aroused.
Jim opened his lips, but Mary pressed his foot. She wanted
to fight her own battle. She looked coolly at Jennings, and
said:
“What you say is only another proof of my theory; your
thoughts are generally derogatory to your character, and
whenever we meet the line of sympathy extends to my mind
and if I speak my thoughts at all, they must necessarily be
uncomplimentary to yeu. If you want my opinion of you to
improve, take action by thinking of nobler things.” Then
she smiled, reached out her hand for his milk glass, filled it
and handed it back with queenly grace.
Jim still looked wrathful, and Mr. Jennings remained
silent.
“Mary, Mary,” pleaded Jim, as soon as he could find her
alone’ “what made you say that?”
“What makes him yarn so?”
“But practice self-control, Mary,” he pleaded, folding his
arms round her.
‘There ig nothing I admire more than self-control,” she
said; “and nothing [ like better than to see it give way at
the right time; but I’ll be good, Jim—TI declare I will. T’ll
bite my tongue half off before I let such a thing happen
again.”
oor several days after this episode Lat spoke to Mary only
when doing so was well-nigh unavoidable. He was aroused
at last. The one thing he could noé endure was to have his
veracity and courage questioned in the same breath. He
mentally decided to turn his attentions toward Iola, and let
the heart of the unappreciative Mrs. Madnau go unbroken. But
Iola was cold save when Mr. Jennings assisted with the
supper-dishes; and Mr. Jennings swore dire oaths to him-
self and the lonely greasebrush, that not a dish belonging
to the Madnau household would he wash until he received
from said household the treatment due a member of the Jen-
nings family. One evening just before the men came in to
supper, Jim advised Mary to smooth over matters for the
