232 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
intercourse, and in thanking God for the blessings they had
received ; and, thought Hen, if some of God’s children chose
to put their thanks in the shape of making others of his
children happy, andin keeping them away from sin and crime,
where is the harm ? Is not safe and secure happiness praise,
and is not the uncertainty of sin, and its consequent suffer-
ing, blasphemy and cursing? Hen believed that that is
crime which brings shame, misery, poverty and suffering to
any of God’s creatures; and that that is virtue which puts
these things to flight.
Though quite ready to attend church and read over his
favorite Scripture passages, he was also ready to take up a
croquet mallet and help entertain the young people about
him. He argued that while rich blessings are to be found
in church and Sunday-school within proper limits, that if the
sessions and lessons last all day, they will become go tiresome
as to drive away the audience; there must be recreation as
well as rest and study. Of course Hen could have entertained
himself very well without any amusement ; he had reached an
age and a state of mind when amusement is no longer neces-
sary; but Hen, poor fellow, could not get rid of the idea that
he was to a certain extent his brother’s keeper. Could he be
happy shut up alone with his Bible, earning a passage to
Heaven for himself, while some one was pouring poison into
the ears of his boy friends and leading them to waste their
toil-won earnings for that which is not bread ? So Hen,
believing that people ought to learn to distinguish actual
from theoretic crime, took up his mallet on many a Sunday.
And strange as it may seem the Bar Eleven outfit often
walked from a heated religious discussion within doors to
the croquet ground without. The house was much divided
in its creed. Jim, Mary, Iola and Kid argued that science
was the most needful thing, and that he who knew most of
science would be the truest and most devout child of God.
Hen Hall believed that the educating of man out of sin, and
the making him more humane and just to his fellow-crea-
tures, was the one question to be studied. His worship was
the serving of God’s creatures. His talk was so sincere and
earnest that ere the middle of summer the first mentioned
four had to a greater or less extent embraced his tenets.
“The great cause of this mean injustice,” he would say,
“is jest blindness. We’re mean and cruel ’cause our eyes
ain’t open to the things we do. We’re all more or less
blind. Tf we was made to see and understand the sufferin’
