THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST..- 185
“The heavy grief, together with the unfeeling criticism of
the tribe, and the overdose of shell fish, proved fatal to Saucy
Eye, but her life was not in vain. In less than five summers
all the ladies of the tribe wore both bark skirts and tama-
rind leaf hats. A monument was eventually erected over
the dual grave of the lovers, and the people began to look
upon the braining of their occasional murderers as their
rarest pastime.”
Kid drew a small roll of paper from his pocket and ex-
plained that he had no regular story but had written some
thoughts which he would read. The themes treated were,
“GOOD PEOPLE AND PAD BEOPLE.”
“ After all that is said concerning the difficulty of distin-
guishing the good people of this world from the bad, the
rules are very simple.
“Good people belong to our church, or are very closely
related to people who do. Then they always belong to our
political party and hurrah for our man. They think just as
we do on all the leading questions. They tell us confiden-
tially what blockheads the people who differ from us are.
They come to visit us and praise the eatables, and tell us
what bad cooks, gossips, and financial managers our neigh-
bors are. They have ways of thinking to which they closely
adhere, so that when we have once learned their opinions we
will never be in danger of running against them. —
“But how different the bad people! They stick to their
own church and seldom come near ours. They haul off with
the opposite political party and yell like mad for the wrong
man. They have the audacity to form opinions without con-
sulting us, and even though they know we do not agree with
them, they openly give utterance to these obnoxious ideas.
They do not hesitate to commend and even associate with
the people that do not suit us at all. They seldom come to
see us, and when they do they do not gush us to death.
Then there is no counting on their opinions. They have a
provoking way of changing them a little from time to time.
They call this moving on with the times, and it exasperates
as fearfully.”
Mr. Hogan suggested that a song would now be a welcomo
change; so the hostess sang one of her own poems:
