THE COWBOY AS PUILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 1°51
bright eyes with a brown, hairy, but well-shaped hand. She
not only held on to the skirt, but added to her costume a hat
formed of tamarind leaves pinned together with thorns.
Her beauty was greatly enhanced thereby, and while the
other girls openly scoffed they secretly envied.
“ Now Saucy Eye being young, independent and pretty, had
more lovers than the correct and staid misses who held to the
old order; for the fact that a man disapproves of a woman
and her opinions, does not prevent him, as long as she is
charming, from falling in love with her to the entire forget-
fulness of the young lady who servilely strives to humor him.
The two of these lovers who received most favor were near
neighbors. One was called Weaver, because during the pre-
vious rainy season he had woven a coverlet of sea-grass to
wrap himself in and so keep off the chill. The other gentleman
was young Lighthead, whose father lived in a very large ban-
an tree, thus making his entire family very proud. Saucy
Tye was a little divided in her own mind, but the ability to
braid sea-grass almost turned the scale in favor of Weaver.
Might he not one day weave her a sea-grass skirt, still hand-
somer than the bark garment of her mother’s fashioning ?
Then too, Weaver had once said that he intended to help his
wife hunt the family food. Her mind was almost made up.
Then again, she had often seen Lighthead watching his
image in the water; that half disgusted her. The more she
thought, the more she thought she must choose Weaver.
“One day she went out to hunt some shell-fish for her din-
ner. Just as she was taking some out of the water, Weaver
came up. He had adopted the Chucklehead costume, minus
the hat—of course one must allow the ladies a few extra fol-
lies. They had a very pleasant conversation, Saucy Eye told
Weaver how bad the snakes were around the cave house, and
how her father had to keep putting mud in between the rocks
to keep them out. But how much better the cave was than
the trees; so much less climbing ! So much more convenient !
And then when her father got old he could crawl into the
house. Now when old grandfather Lighthead got too old to
climb up into the banyan tree, and no one wou!d help him
up, he had to sleep on the ground under the tree, and one
night a hungry lion ate him up! Then Weaver exacted from
Saucy Eye a promise of strict secrecy and told her how he
had a plan for a rock house all walls! No cave at all! He
explained to her how he could build three walls of rocks and
mud, and build the corners together, then break off boughs
