308 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
were. Then after a short interval they were threading the
canon; she thirsted; Jim dismounted, curved his hat brim,
stooped to the creek, and held sparkling water to her lips ;
But only deception met them. Then she sat at the table,
filling his tumbler with milk. She practiced target-shooting,
listening to his suggestions until she defeated him; he was
giving the revolver into her band; she would pinch his
fingers now that she had a chance; but her fingers closed on
space. Then calmness fled. These deceptions were too many
and too galling. Why must her visions always dissipate
just as she was ready to enjoy ? Were those things gone
forever, and would they never be reality again ? She leaped
up wildly and demanded fiercely :
“ Ts it so?”
“Ts what so, Mary ?” asked the old lady tremulously.
“Why, this about Jim?”
“ Didn’t you see him buried, gal ? ”asked the old man.
Then she sank into her chair again.
“Mr. Hogan, what ought I to do ?” she asked presently.
“ Do jest as near as possible what is right, gal.”
“ But is it right for those men to live, breathe, talk, laugh,
and enjoy life, while Jim is decaying in the ground ?”
“T don’t believe many of ’em will enjoy life. The menon
this crick that was in that business will see that scene en-
acted every day of their lives. They'll think every acquaint-
ance suspects ’em, and think every stranger is a detective
shadowin’ ’em, and when they’re dyin’ they’ll feel that rope
chokin’ ’em.”
“But I don’t believe it’s right for them to be let live.
The deliberate murderer seldom stops with a single offense.
Those men are liable to err the same way again, kill some
man just as innocent as Jim, and leave some woman just as
wretched as they’ve left me.”
“Well, gal, it’s of little use for you to try to prosecute.
It’s mighty hard to prove anything against a big and rich
gang. It would be hard even to git a grand jury in this
county that didn’t hold some of them same chaps or their
sympathizers.”
“ But have not I a right to select my own way and time
to rid earth of them ?”
“ « Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord; I will repay.’”
“ But does he not sometimes select human instruments ? ”
“Well, gal, you might git the wrong man.”
“Not I, I would be sure first, I know enough of the
