276 THE ADMINISTRA SRIX.
returned from a horseback ride with Iola, remarked that he
had been told that free beer was very apt to give people
headaches. Mr. Jennings, being tired of Gus’s rather free
remarks, and being anyhow out of humor with the world,
looked at him a moment, and deciding that in one so young
and leggy there could not be such a great amount of mus-
cular prowess, decided to wait for him in the barn lot. Gus
soon came out to get his horse and start for the Hogan
ranche to do up the evening feeding. Mr. Jennings angrily
inquired if he had meant to slur him. Gus replied that he
had simply thrown out a general hint, and that if it had
struck any one he was not responsible. Lat bristled up to
him. Gus flourished one of his long legs warningly.
“That’s you Jennings; tackle a boy,” said Hen Hall.
“O, let the wind-bag come on,” said Gus, squaring him-
self round. “He’s maybe thinking he’s caught a spring
chicken, and I want him to find out his mistake. I was
hatched in the middle of winter and lived through.” And
the manner in which he began to throw his long motor
members about boded ill to any who approached.
Penobscot Bill thought he saw evil coming to his friend.
Those long legs would be formidable in the grape-vine twist.
With a wild shake of his curls he shouted :
‘Keep yer shirt on, Gus ; keep yer shirt on.”
“T’m going to keep my shirt on; and it'll take more free
beer than he’s got aboard to take it off of me, too.”
Hen and Bill petitioned so loudly for peace that they at
last prevailed upon Mr. Jennings not to crush Gus. Mr.
Jennings told Bill afterward that if it hadn’t been for Gus
being just a boy he’d have “done him up anyhow.”
Gus went home much dissatisfied at the turn affairs had
taken. He wanted to make Jennings prove some of his
boasted valor.
Now it chanced that Mr. Jennings much desired to exer-
cise his divine right of suffrage. He intended to vote for
Mr. Wolseley, the Browbeater candidate for president. He
had been for some weeks preparing to register. He must
give evidence of having lived in the state six months, county
thirty days, and precinct ten. He had received from Mr.
Clarence Henri Ellsworth a document setting forth these
facts. Jim was to swear that Mr. Ellsworth had sworn, and
thus Mr. Jennings might be registered on the coming
Tuesday. He came into the house after the misunderstand-
ing with Gus, and taking out the document sworn to by Mr.
