THE HISTORY OF A DAY. 357
“0, it was blind rage. Forgive me and I will be a good
citizen. I'll do something to make amends.”
“Your repentance is that of cowardice.”
“O, Mrs. Madnau, I’ve got a young sister!”
“Jim Madnau had a young wife !”
‘“ Have mercy !”
“Those who have shown no mercy need not ask it. One
thing more I must tell you. After 1 have shot you dead, I
shall take this snubbing rope, fasten it round your neck,
throw the rope over the limb of that pine yonder, hitch my
horse to it, hoist you up and leave you as you left Jim
Madnau.”
“O God! O God!”
She drew out her watch and said:
“Now you may have five minutes to make your peace with
God. At the end of that time I shall fire.”
The miserable wretch fell rather than knelt upon the
ground, covering his face with his hands. Mary sat upon
her horse, the open watch in one hand, the revolver in the
other, the bridle rein round her neck. Her face was like
marble, and tears were coursing down her cheeks. When the
time was up she closed the watch and put it into its pocket.
Then she secured her bridle and prepared her revolver.
“Stand up,” she said.
The wretched victim struggled to his feet, gave her one
imploring look, then hid his face. Carefully she took aim at
his breast, and raising her voice said fervently :
“O God, receive the soul of this poor sinner; and, O God,
forgive me for what I do.” The shot rang out clear and
sharp. Harry Talbert sank to the ground. Blood spurted
from a huge hole in his breast. His unclosed eyes took on
the death stare. Mary rode up to him and looked down.
There was no mistaking, life had fled. She lay hold of the
rope at her saddle-horn—then loosed her grasp of it.
“Yes, yes; I will spare them the disgrace at any rate,”
she said, as she rode away.
She urged her horse toward Glen Park, where, by previous
arrangement, she was to meet Clyde. Her soul was sick,
and so weak and nervous was she that she could scarcely
maintain her seat in her saddle. She shook and wept and
groaned when she thought of what she had left lying behind.
Only the fierce resolution she had nursed throughout that
dreadful year supported her. A thousand times she wished
she had quietly borne her burden of sorrow and disgrace.
