STRANGE EVENTS. 75
“Well, you don’t look much like a corpse, gal,” said the
oldman. “ But Jim ain’t used to gals much, and can’t take
his own part very well; then you’re jest from the east, and
like as any way he thought you was makin’ light of him.
But then the biggest part of it all is jest what he said: it would
be mean to do as you said, and Jim resented it. But he
wasn’t mad; you jest had him cornered tight and beat out,
that’s all. Jim don’t know society very well, but he knows
the world mighty nigh by heart.”
“‘ What do you mean by that ?”
“T mean, nobody won’t fool Jim very badly. His good
sense “Il take him where Stan Lancaster’s stinkin’ little
laugh won’t even interduce him. Why, what do you suppose
Jim wants of that darned little Chellis critter? She’s
nothin’ but a toy.”
“ Well, she’s pretty, anyhow,” said Mary, with a sigh.
“ Yes, any gal’s pretty that'll go and buy beauty by the
box at a drug store.”
“ But why does Mr. Madnau take her around ?”
“?’Cause she hunts him. But he don’t want her. He
wants a woman that’s got more sense, and that knows he’s a
good feller, and will appreciate him for it. She wouldn’t
appreciate nothin’ but his pocket-book.”
“ Now, Mr. Hogan, I want to ask you something. Don’t
think I’m mercenary—but don’t you think he ought to be
appreciated some for that ? ”
“ Well, now, that’s a matter that I’ve thort a good deal
on, gal, and comin’ right down sentimental, I b’leeve he ort.
*Cause if he hadn’t been industrious he could’nt ’a’ made
money in the first place, and if he hadn’t been careful and
sober he couldn’t’a’ saved it. So I think that when a young
man’s got money that he’s earned by industry and saved b
frugality and sobriety, it’s a pretty good sign in his favor.”
“What makes them call some of the cowboys such odd
names ? ” she asked presently.
“ Who?”
“Why, the cowboys. They call that Mr. Wentworth
‘Kid,’ and they call another one ‘Penobscot Bill,’ and
another one § Broncho Charlie.’ ”
“O, that’s jest to save time and trouble. Them two last
ones don’t hardly deserve a name, anyhow.”
“ Where do they stay ?”
“ Why, Bill Hammin and Kid Wentworth work fer Jim.”
“ Do they stay at his house ?”
