92 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
the shades of evening gathering and declared she must go.
But Mary must go a part of the way with her—it was so
lonely in the phaeton for but one. Of course Mary would
go. She feverishly donned hat and cloak and stepped into
the phaeton.
Of course the turning of a youthful head by the flattery
of wealth and popularity is so unusual an occurrence that
some comment is advisable. Mary, in the circle of her rela-
tives had been treated as an inferiur. Her Uncle Bluecut’s
family held their heads high and as continually looked out
for opportunities to crush Mary if she made any attempts at
asimilar venture. They had jealously watched for oppor-
tunities to injure her standing in good society. The atten-
tion then of youth, beauty, wealth, social-standing and gen-
eral popularity might easily turn such a head. And Mary’s
peculiar training had not left her sufficient self-control to
accept this state of affairs with calmness. She was nervous
and flurried, and showed plainly by her disturbed manner
that she was unused to the caresses of society’s lofticst stra-
tum.
The phaeton sped down the road for a distance of a mile
before Mary spoke of returning home. Then she spoke de-
cidedly. The shadows were rapiflly darkening.
“Well, Pll let you go, but I'm coming after you in the
morning to come and spend the day with me,” said Amy.
“Oh! Oh! But—” began Mary.
“Tt’s no use to begin that now. [intend we shall get well
acquainted and have some good times together. You've
nothing to keep you up there alone all day.”
“Well, then———”
“Of course, you’ll come. I’ll be there by half-past nine.
Well, if you must go, good-night,” and she gave Mary a
kiss, warm and affectionate. Mary had never liked the cus-
tom of women kissing each other—it secmed vulgar and
deceitful to her; but her feelings now underwent a change.
What was that kiss, save love and friendship and protec-
tion? She leaped out of the phaeton and hurried back up
the fast darkening road.
She had gone but a little way when she heard the sharp
click of hoofs and a voice in angry protest or command.
Some drunken rough perhaps, and she here alone in the
darkness! She looked about her. The road was skirted
on the north by the fence of Mr. Hogan’s pasture; on the
south it lay open as far as the steep banks of Frelawna; al-
