VARIOUS OCCURRENCES. 171
Her face, which at first he had thought only ordinarily
pretty, had now impressed its image upon his mind. The
beauty of the unusual and slightly irregular featured face
possesses a rare advantage over its symmetrical and perfect
fellow. The latter shows it greatest advantages to our first
glance; the former has surprises ;—there is study ; there are
things to be learned; a fascinating volume is opened to us;
we will feel the curiosity desire until we have read it through
at least once ; we may find it so absorbing that we must read
it again and again—must hold it before us during our entire
lives. The other cloys us by repeating only what we at first
perceived. The homeliest among us are more fortunate than
he who unintentionally shows the best that is in him to the
casual glance. It is our duty to look our best, just as it is
to the advantage of the fascinating book to bear a persuasive
title. But woe to the popularity of either book or face in
which there is naught of interest beyond the title page.
To be considered beautiful a thing must be beautifully
considered. Mary was beautifully considered by Jennings
because he admired her. We cannot see the little faults and
imperfections of those we love, and we love them because
our sight is thus shortened. Had Mary been aware of this
favor she would have conscientiously labored to set it aside;
but because she did not know of its existence she uncon-
sciously fanned it into flame. She allowed her moods to make
no difference in her treatment of the other hired men, but
Lat always received the full benefit of her mind’s changes.
When out of sorts because of ill health or household
annoyances, she hurled at him neat and biting little sarcasms,
and made amusement for the whole table over his unpro-
tected head; then when her humor improved she would
repent her unladylike behavior and conduct herself toward
him with the most considerate kindness. She could readily
see that Hen and Kid shared her dislike, and the latter often
came to her rescue when she was berating Mr. Jennings
with all her might. These cross fires were productive of
much amusement to Hen and Iola, but Jim disliked them.
He feared that should Jennings lose his temper he would
fearfully punish the young and slender Kid at the first
opportunity.
One day at dinner, after Mary’s nerves had been severely
subjected to the Bertie Herron test, Lat obtained the floor.
He told how on one occasion a herd of fifteen thousand head
of cattle had stampeded in his direction. The leaders of the
