84 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,.
women that would lead me to fight, or——. But then there’s
another thing: women are just as apt to run after their
worst enemies as they are to accept kindness from their best
friends.” His voice was hoarse and heavy, and his eyes
fierce and defiant.
“ We are helpless—we have no chance of knowing—we are
simply the nation’s children—or worse—and our credulity is
as that of a child,” sobbed Mary, as her face fell into her bridle-
hand, and her tears stained the bright, brown leather. She
could see no reason why Jim should scold her. No other
man had ever dared to speak so to her.
“‘T know women are treated mean,” he went on, with un-
steady voice, almost unmanned by the tears he had evoked ;
“but why don’t they git up, and raise thunder? Every
woman has influence over some man, if she’d just use it. But
she'll go on, listening to some dude’s nonsense, when she
knows very well he’d kick her into the gutter if she’d give
him the ghost of a chance; and she’ll shy clear off from some
honest man that would take care of her and respect other
women.”
Mary vouchsafed no reply to this, and presently Jim con-
tinued :
“ Now, as long as young men know that they can roll in
the gutter, and mix in all kinds of dirt, and do all kind of
mean things, and then turn round and be petted by the
finest women, why they’ll lots of ’°em hunt meanness—that’s
all. But when they know they’ll be kicked out of decent
society for their cussedness, why, they’ll quit it, and that
quick, too.”
“ But who is to start this? There are not enough nice
young men for all the nice girls, and some of them will have
to do without gentlemen company ; and JI, for one, am honest
enough to admit that it is natural for a girl to want a gentle-
man friend.”
“Some of ’em might have to go without gentlemen
friends for a while, but it wouldn’t be for long. There isn’t
going to be any large number of women start off in any
direction, no matter what it is, without some men followin’
them. You see, when the women encourage these rakes, and
forgive ’em all their cussedness, they’re not givin’ themselves
a fair shake, and they’re not givin’ the young men that’s try-
in’ to be decent a fair shake. Now, of course, if the women’s
wrongs are ever righted, the men have got to right ’em,
cause they’ve got the votes and the power; but they’re not
