176 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
CHAPTER XXII.
THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST.
Tue second literary evening at the Madnau’s opened,
figuratively speaking, with a flourish of trumpets. Mr.
Lancaster came and brought Lucy Chase and his pleasant
little laugh. He shook hands warmly with Rattlesnake Lat
and smiled on the general company. He called Jim “ Jim-
mie,” in a very sugary tone, and assured Mary that he had
not seen her looking so well since her arrival in the state;
he told Bella Martin that the pink geranium at her throat
was very becoming, ha, ha, ha, te, he, he. Upon being in-
troduced to Iola, who was irresistible in some new and costly
finery, he bowed before her, even as the vassals of King
Solomon before the Queen of Sheba. Broncho Charlie, Mr.
Ford to-night, brought Sarah and Emma Chase. He was
speedily relieved of the latter, however, by Mr. Latshaw
Aurelius Jennings, who came and sat beside her and told her
how much she resembled a very beautiful lady who had at
one time enjoyed the privilege of being his best girl. Miss
Emma was very much flattered, and gazed upon the high
forehead and the arched brows, and the short upper lip with
the most intense admiration. Mrs. Hogan wasattired in her
one black silk, and Mr. Hogan had a wonderful pink and
blue silk handkerchief round his neck. The Hopkinses, who
had slighted their invitation to the first entertainment, were
now present in their best attire. Mary, in a perfectly plain
white dress, with her hair in a dark coronet, was in sharp
contrast to the gorgeous Iola, the bedecked Bella and the
beribboned Chases.
There was much preliminary talk in low tones. Gus and
Kid looked calmly on, while Iola and Bella were being admired
and flattered by their friends the enemy. Mrs. Hopkins
assured Mrs. Hogan, in her thin, quavering voice, that she
was having much less trouble to get her butter to come, now
that the cows were getting a little new grass. Mrs. Hogan
answered that she was not making much butter now. Mr.
Hogan asked Jim when he intended to turnout the stock he
