THE V.AQUERO. 13
flank with the spur. The short rest, and the cooler air of
evening, had to some extent renewed her vigor; she gave a
quick little snort, and galloped away in the direction of the
settlement. The numerous straps and thongs attached to
the saddle, and the riata over the horn, swung out and re-
turned to lash her dark bay sides. The vaquero turned in
his saddle and looked back. The teacher stood in the school-
house door, shading her eyes with her hand, and looking
after him. The amused, interested smile was still lighting
her face, when she perceived him watching her. She quickly
dropped her hand and entered the house.
When she was again inside the school-house she burst into
a silvery laugh. “ What a saddle!” she said to herself.
‘And such stirrups! And all those strings! And those
hideous handkerchiefs!” Then she began dusting the desks,
but soon paused to again laugh aloud. “I wonder if he
thought he looked pretty,” she said almost audibly. “ Well,
I don’t believe he’d look so bad if he were dressed like a
white man. And so that is a cowboy—a real, genuine
cowboy. And yet he didn’t eat me.” She drew from a
pocket a little book, on the back of which was written in a
legible but somewhat irregular hand, “Everyday Thoughts
of Mary Fleming.” She opened the book, wrote at the top
of a page “Sept. 15, 18—;” then she proceeded to fill out
about two pages with a neat cypher, unintelligible to any
save its inventor. This done, she arose with the smile still
upon her face, finished her dusting, took up her dinner-pail,
locked her school-room door, and started down the same
road that the vaquero had taken. But him she was not
seeking ; like the average mortal, at five in the evening, she
was hungry and wanted her supper.
As she walked down the rather steep grade toward the
alfalfa fields and young but thriving orchards, she breathed
quickly, and her cheeks glowed with almost an unnatural
hue. An occasional short, dry cough accompanied her
nervous movements, and indicated the nature of the malady
because of which she had sought the Colorado hills.
