370 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
that a woman had any other purpose in existin’ than to re-
ceive my —lust. And yet they say that the dens where
we train up our devil natures, and that men come out of
wishing the whole world was a dive, are @ protection to de-
cent women! O,hell! Build a smallpox hospital in the
middle of a great city and let who will run in and out, and
then assert that the den is promotin’ the city health! Build
a college for teachin’ youth larceny, pocket-pickin’, burglary,
skillful use of poisons, adept employment of the stiletto, and
then assert that the thing is promotin’ the public integrity !
“And yet I might have been some one! I had beauty,
natural intelligence, and personal magnetism. Yet I’ve
turned ’em all into curses for myself and those around me.
I’ve used ’em all to destroy creatures that were too weak to
git outof my way. I’m a coward, a libertine, aliar, a weak-
ling; and it’s all come jest from drinkin’ the madness the
government set out for me.” |
He still looked out. The shades of evening were begin-
ning to gather. He took his chaparejos from the nail upon
which they hung. He drew them on and then buckled on
his spurs. Then he donned his hat and coat.
“ Where are you goin’ ?” asked Ike, as he looked up.
“To hell!”
“Well, it won’t take you long to git thar, to-night. It’s
not goin’ to be safe ridin’, Sam. I wouldn’t start now. Git
lost.”
“ Well,” said Lat, “I’ve been on the road for eight or ten
years, now, and I’m gittin’ anxious to know the worst. So
long.” He went out and shut the door behind him. His
horse stood in the shelter of the stack ; he whinnied pitifully
when his master bridled him. Lat patted his neck, threw
the saddle upon his back, fastened the cinchas, mounted, and
started with hanging head and at a slow pace toward the
dangerous and storm-besieged pass. Ike watched him from
the window. The snow soon hid him from sight. The wind
howled dismally. One hour later the cowboys began to drop
in, their mustaches covered with ice, their hands numb and
blue. None of them had encountered Lat.
“ Why,” said Hank Sands, when Ike told his story, “there
ain’t a house in that direction nearer than twenty miles.”

