40 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
at her side. He placed in her hand a cup of clear water but
said nothing.
. “Oh, where did you get this?” she eagerly asked, for-
getting for the moment her dread and dislike.
“Out of the creek yonder. You needn’t be afraid to
drink it. It’s just melted snow from Bernalillo”
Afraid to drink it. The idea! After that long drive too,
But perhaps this mind-reader knew she disliked him and
half expected her to refuse the cup because he proffered it.
If so, she would disappoint him. She liked to surprise
people. She took the cup and drank eagerly.
“Thanks,” she said softly, as she gave him a smile that
was all thankfulness and not at all coquettish; for the cool,
delicious draught drove away even the previous moment’s
caprice. He looked pleased and walked away from her; she
looking after him, half regretting that he was really Jim Mad-
nau and wondering if he would continue to watch her. Why
didn’t Stanley think of the creek ? She knew; he thought
it would be rude to leave her; that was kind of him to think
of that ; but then his presence would not relieve her thirst.
Well, anyhow, Mr. Lancaster meant to do just right; any
mistake of his would be a mistake of good intention ; and
then he would make the mistake so gracefully, too.
She conversed in a low tone with the Hogans, Stanley
Lancaster and big Bill Coffroth. The latter gentleman’s
tone was not low, but it was very instructive; he had much
to say upon the subject of school teaching, and during the
course of the conversation gave Mary quite a number of
valuable suggestions as to how the profession should be car-
ried on. Mary, however, like the ungrateful creature that
she was, wanted to talk cowboy.
“Now,” said Bill, “a child orter be made pernounce a
word right, right from the turn loose; and then it ’ll always
git that word plumb. Now when a kid’s let go sloshin’
round amongst a lot o’ words like a maverick runnin’ through
a patch o’ cactus, it’s goin’ to do some o’ them words up.
That’s as sure as taxes.”
“Yes, indeed, Mr. Coffroth; I agree with you exactly.
But can you tell me why they don’t have the camp nearer
the creek? If it was down in that low place there, there
would be more shade; and then the men wouldn’t have to
climb that steep bank with heavy buckets of water in their
hands.”
“Yes, but when it rained in the mountains, as it’s liable to
