THE MYSTERIES OF COWBOYISM 35
CHAPTER V.
THE MYSTERIES OF COWBOYISM.
Ir was half-past ten on Saturday morning when the
Hogansand the impatient school-marm climbed into the spring
wagon to drive to the round-up camp. This mode of travel
was selected because Mrs. Hogan could not ride horseback,
and there were no side-saddles at the ranche.
“Now, then,” said the old man, “I’ve got some things to
tell you, gal.. I’m not takin’ this trip entirely on your ac-
count. I’ve got a few head of calves that Jim promised to
gitup and brand forme. I ain’t keepin’ no brand now; and
then there’s four or five steers that I thought might be beef.
I want to see how Jim’s comin’ on with ’em, if the steers is
in good fix, as they ort to be, I’m goin’ to try to drive ’em
down to Milroy next week. ButI thought you’d like to
come, so I just mentioned bringin’ you and Harriet along.
I’d be a sucker to quit my work to take a pretty girl toa
roundup camp where she’s liable to git carried off, unless I
had some other business, too. Then another thing's this;
I can drive within a mile and a quarter of camp on the road
and then I’ll have to take out across the flat. There’s ant-
hills, and prairie dog holes, and gullies and one thing and
another, and it’s goin’ to be middlin’ rough drivin’. Now I
don’t like to have gals yellin’ out and sayin’ ‘O my!’ and
‘O dear!’ and ‘O my goodness gracious!’ every time the
wagon makes a bump. I’ve seen city gals do that way, and
even country ones that wanted to show off. I’m goin’ to drive
the best I can and I want that faet considered.”
Mary could not repress her laughter. Although she
feared the old man half disapproved of her eager, questioning
enthusiasm concerning Colorado institutions, yet she could
not help but perceive his desire to please her. Then her
joy at the prospective visit was so great that she became a
child—satisfied for the moment in the wealth of the moment.
To be thrown thus so close to a phase of life which her roman-
tic eye had from.a distance studied was too keen a pleas-
ure to be in any sense underrated; so Mary laughed a little,
