168 THE ADMINISTRATEIYX.
geous; they, together with Charlie Ford, were going to eat
dinner with the Chases. Hen and Kid had made some
modification in their attire to be ready for afternoon meeting,
but they did not intend to visit. When Mary learned of
the intention of the two former gentlemen, she began to tell
Lat the good qualities of the Chase girls and he was soon as
radiant as if no dark cloud had settled over the breakfast-
table. No matter how deep the wound in Lat’s heart, the
prospect of a new girl seemed to cure it and spirit its memory
away.

CHAPTER XXI.
VARIOUS OCCURRENCES.
Mr. Stantey Lancaster had early made the acquaint-
ance of Mr. Latshaw Aurelius Jennings. That strange
attraction that draws kindred souls together had found them
out and set their feet a-marching. It happened in this wise:
Mr. Jennings was grubbing greasebrush in the lower por-
tion of a field. Mr. Lancaster was riding along the fence
just outside the upper portion of the field and at an angle of
some forty-five degrees from Mr. Jennings. Mr. Jennings,
being seized with a sudden spell of communicativeness and
the distance not being great, calculated that by moving
straight up the field; he would reach a certain point at the
same time the slowly-moving rider did. Mr. Jennings sup-
posed the rider to be his friend, Broncho Charlie, so without
hesitation he advanced. When very near he discovered his
mistake but of course he would make the best of it. He
moved on to the apex of the angle and gracefully saluted
Mr. Lancaster. Mr. Lancaster, not to be outdone by any-
body, gracefully saluted Mr. Jennings. They were kindred
souls who had long sought each other. They introduced
themselves and fell to talking; they hung upon each othev’s
words. The blonde beauty sat sideways in his saddle, his
right leg over the horn, while he gave utterance to his opin-
ions and his conjectures. The brunette beauty sat on the
fence, his high heels behind a cottonwood pole below him,
his hat pushed back, and his eyes full of interest. The two
gentlemen accommodated each other with their opinions of
Hen Hall, Kid, and the Chase girls. They then discussed
