240 THE ADMINISTRATRLX.
you, boys, I sure stayed with her till I got ready to git off.
It would take worse buckin’ than any she could do to throw
me. Why, when I was down in the Territory, I rode one
horse that not another man in camp could ride. I got onto
him one mornin’, and he bucked worse’n a wounded buffalo
—jumped over a seven-rail corral twice; but I sure stayed
there all the same.”
Lat was subjected at dinner to the merciless badgering for
which the cow camp is celebrated ; but seeing that he was
helpless, he accepted the situation and made the best of
things. He joined in the laughter, though with rather bad
grace, and tried to even-up matters by telling over the love
affairs of Gus and Kid. Thus he succeeded in partially turn-
ing the fire; but ever after this Jim and Ike assured the
mess that they had a project for making a fortune. It was
to fence the impression on the ground Lat had made in his
fall, and charge tourists ten cents admittance fee. Then,
when Lat undertook to prove that Gus was perishing for love
of Iola, Ike asked him if he was holding a revival when he
saw him down on his knees.
In the evening Jim, Bill, and Lat decided to go home. It
had been previously understood that Lat was to ride fora
day only, and then return to look after the ranche work.
Jim would go home every night, so long as he was within
ten miles of his ranche, to keep the ladies from loneliness.
Bill’s horse had become lame, and Jim had none on the range
fit for him to ride, while there were several in his pasture
that could be used. As the two friends rode along in the
cool evening, talking over the events of the day, Jim dis-
mounted and threw his rein to Bill, and asking the loan of
one of his revolvers, said that he intended to try his luck at
rabbit shooting. Lat also dismounted, throwing his rein
over the saddle-horn and telling Kate to follow, which she
readily did, now that she was in a good humor again. As he
touched the ground, a medium-sized rattlesnake struck at
him. He leaped to one side, uttering a startled cry, while
Jim seized a rock and killed the snake. Lat mildly re-
proached Jim for not giving him a chance to destroy his
enemy, and having cut off the creature’s head, hung the
body on the saddle to show to the ladies.
Jim walked briskly ahead, for he saw something that sur-
prised him. It was alonecow. He did not understand how
she could have been left behind. Perhaps she had been
running in the mountains, been missed in the gathering, and
