350 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
leaders. Ho! Flank the left wing! Turn the right! Ho!
Ho! Right the head! Vamose, there! Ho! Ho! Ho!
Check the advance! Look out for stampede! Ho! Ho! Hallo,
there! Hoopla! Bur-r-r-r-r!”
The Bar Eleven men and all Trelawna were now in the
drive. The voice of Kid, almost clear in spite of the dust in
his throat, rose singing in a rollicking tone that proved him
capable of getting amusement even out of that toilsome and
dusty march : »
‘* You four-footed dames for your children look out,
Lest their bones beal]l broken in stampede and rout
For when in wild fury the herd takes the plains,
There is many a mangled form silent remains.’?
‘“*Ho there! Hoopla! Stop that cawing, Kid. You'll
scare the wits out of ’em,” said Gus, as he rode away from
the left side to admit a bunch driven in by Lancaster.
While the two friends were near together, Mose galloped
past them, reining his horse for an instant to say, in a soft,
feminine tone quite unlike the one in which he conversed
with the Circle Bar men:
Any time, boys, that you see me when Lancaster, Bane,
and the two Talberts are present, look out for your lives and
your men, for there’ll be trouble.”
He rode quickly away without waiting for an answer.
Poor Kid sang no more. The natural buoyancy of his spirits
subsided, and in the anticipation of threatened tragedy he
was silent and gloomy—tragedy too, in which he was for-
bidden to do aught save defend himself. Why had not Mary
Madnau commissioned him and his friend to avenge her
wrongs? Why had she tied their hands with her com-
mands? He glanced at Gus. He was sitting silent, with
flashing eyes, his dark face darker from a mantling flush.
Fora moment they regarded each other, and each seemed to
read the other’s mind. The white face of Kid and the dark
features of his companion telegraphed dire messages back and
forth. Impatience, long subdued anger, memory of cause-
less outrage, struggled to the fore.
“We have promised. It is her right; said Gus at last.
The men and their herd were soon at their rendezvous on
Aspen Creek. It was resolved to brand the calves at once
and turn a large portion of the mountain stock—such as
were unfit for market—back into the hills. A huge pifion
fire was built, branding irons were unstrapped from saddles
