324 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
he chose upon this occasion referred to this subject, and was
perhaps of his own composition. As he leaned back in his
chair and sang, the flickering candles lighting up his gray
hair and beard, and his animated face, he made a striking
figure. His voice was clear, and every word perfectly dis-
tinct. If there were just perceptible traces of spite, the ear-
nest old gentleman may be forgiven for their presence. A
little indulgence may be allowed to those who have grown
old in their country’s service.
A COMING EVENT.
‘There once was a time in our nation’s story
When the prestige of race was felt full strong ;
When the white man regardless of morals or mentals
Steered the old ship of State its voyage along.
The horse thief, the cow thief, the grub thief, the sneak thief,
And every white thief neath America’s dome,
On election day could vote full proudly
But negroes of all shades had to stay at home,
There now is a time in our country’s story.
When the prestige of sex is felt full strong,
For good men and bad men of all descriptions
Insist on pushing the old ship along.
The horse thief, the cow thief, the grub thief, the sneak thief,
And every male thief ’neath America‘s dome,
On election day can vote full proudly,
But women of all shades have to stay at home.
There will come a time in our nation’s story,
When the prestige of freedom will reign full strong 3
When the men marching out to shove the old vessel,
Will take their wives and daughters along.
The horse thief, the cow thief, the grub thief, the sneak thief,
And every sort of thief neath America’s dome,
Will then have to occupy a rearward station,
And take their turn at staying at home.’’
The men greeted this effort with tremendous applause.
Lat Jennings, however, offered the objection that the Col-
orado convict cannot vote during the term of his incarcera-
tion. Mr. Everet reminded him that he had used the aux-
iliary “can.” By conducting himself properly while in
prison, the convict can come out a full-fledged citizen; it
is only by insubordination and bad behavior during his im-
prisonment, making it necessary for him to serve out his en-
tire term, that he can be put down to the level of women.
The men found considerable fault with the sentiments ex-
pressed, but all declared these to be in no way detrimental
