STILL STRANGER EVENTS, 91
school early, she had turned, stared vacantly at her and be-
gun to utter that name. Then she had checked herself and
looked wildly about her, as if she had been sleep-walking
and was just awaking. A dozen times she found herself
about to pronounce those forbidden syllables to her spell-
ing class. She walked in fear lest she would at some un-
lucky moment betray herself. And yet, like thousands of
the sickest people, she utterly refused to call her disease by
its right name. .
On a splendid November Saturday she went up to her
school-house soon after dinner to get a book she had forgot-
ten. When she returned she found Miss Amy Chellis in
the. sitting-room. When Mrs. Hogan introduced the two
ladies, Miss Chellis became at once confidential and friendly
in the highest degree. Mary was so much surprised at the
turn affairs had taken that for some moments she despaired
of regaining her self-possession. But when she had done so
she fell in love with her bewitching caller at once and more
than forgave the fancied slight she had received at the
Chase’s ball.
“Do you know, Miss Fleming, I’ve been wanting to get
acquainted with you ever since you came on the creek; but
it just happened so I newer could;” said Amy, lifting a
beautiful, wax-like finger.
“ And I have wanted to meet you, too.”
“And why did you stay away from Sunday-school a few
Sundays back, and leave your poor class in the lurch?”
“Oh, alittle party of us went up to Dead Man’s Cave.”
“QO, yes; and you went with Mr. Jim Madnau of course,
By the way, that’s a shame, now. Here all the girls in the
neighborhood have been breaking their hearts for him and
you just step in and take him away from us all.” And Amy
made a mock show of weeping.
Mary was so conquered by her visitor’s sprightliness and
vivacity that for the time even the image of Jim Madnau
fled. Her ready credulity came forward, and she worshipped
the soft, peachy face, the blue, bird-like eyes, the spun gold
hair and voluptuous form, until she could well-nigh have
taken her heart out of her bosom and given it to her guest.
And her head swam as she listened to the delicate flattery
and nicely turned compliments, too skilfully bestowed to
give offence to the most discerning. Amy was an old pupil
in society’s school and had learned her lesson well. ‘The
girls talked and giggled for full two hours; then Amy noted
