354 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
In the morning, Harry Talbert walked up to Mose’s
blanket and gave it a good natured kick, calling at the same
time for him to rise. Mose opened his unrested eyes and
slowly rolled back the cloud from his bedimmed faculties.
Slowly the memories of the night came back—the waking
dreams of tragedy and the sleeping dreams of horror. He
had fallen into a troubled sleep just before day; his limbs
were stiff, and his eyes heavy.
“What makes you so owl-eyed? ” asked Harry.
“ Better rustle, or you’ll miss your grub,” said Griff.
Mose shook himself free of his blankets, stretched his
aching limbs, and stood up. Then he ran his fingers through
his hair and went to the creek to wash. He had no dressing
to do, save to take a tan-colored silk handkerchief out of his
pocket and tie it round his neck. There was no gayety for
him that morning. He ate but little, and was silent and
nervous. He generally entertained the mess with a lively
flow of talk, but now he was quite as taciturn as when he
had first arrived at the camp.
“ What’s the matter, Mose? ” asked Ike.
“Nothing. Had a bad night’s rest.”
“ Needn’t ride unless you feel like it. Some of the other
fellers can git over to Ute Gap, I reckon.”
“No, I'll go. I’m allright, and I’m not goin’ to lay round
and lose my job;” said Mose quietly. After this, he ate a
few mouthfuls, then started to saddle his mustang.
“You'd better put your coat on; there’s a sharp wind
blowin’; and that cloud over Bernalillo means snow one of
these days; ” said Everet, the camp weather prophet.
“Gosh! Then we’d better git the roundup over with; ”
said Ike; for no one presumed to question Everet’s predic-
ions.
Mose was soon mounted. His face was pale, calm, and
resolved. Never before had his appearance been so pictur-
esque. On a recent trip to Milroy City he had purchased a
light yellow wool shirt elaborately embroidered in black.
He had been wearing this for the last few days. He still
clung to the wide black hat, the gorgeous chaparejos, and the
showy spur. The black goat-skin coat was still strapped to
his saddle. On his hands were long brown gauntlets with
heavily fringed wrists. As he rode away, every man in
camp was looking after him. He was to ride with Harry
Talbert. Mose, seeing that he must be cheerful in order to th
more completely throw his companion off his i
