38 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
mien that heightened her beauty a hundred-fold, she awaited
the approach of a group led by Mr. Hogan. There were
three beside the old man; they were Jim and Stanley, and
a big, bushy-whiskered, middle-aged man.
All three saluted Mrs. Hogan, and the two young men
bowed and spoke to Mary.
“Mary, I’ll introduce you to Mr. Coffroth; this is the
school-teacher, Bill,” said Mr. Hogan, presenting the burly
stranger. “O,I forgot to tell her name; Fleming, Mary
Fleming; but then I don’t ’low it’ll stay that long,” with along
wink at the two young gentlemen which made the buckskin
clothed one color a little in spite of his tan. “ Now, Jim,”
he added, slapping the latter severely on the shoulder, “this
gal’s a regular tenderfoot; she’s pizen to learn all about the
cow business; I turn her over to you for the day, pervidin’
you ain’t too busy, and you’re to answer all her questions,
no matter how many of ’em there are. She knows consid’-
able now, and she wants to know more. You're the best
cowman in the valley, Jim, soI give her to you to be in-
structed.”
During this little address Mary had turned from glowing
scarlet to ghastly white. Her air castle had tumbled
again just as it always tumbled. The splendid, hand-
some blonde before her was not Jim Madnau, and the
keen-eyed, bronzed, buckskin shirted creature, whom she
dreaded and feared and disliked, was. She turned sick,
while all her short life’s little defeats arrayed themselves
before her. But what if the handsome Stanley Lancaster
was not the advancing Jim Madnau? Could she not respect
him still? In her day-dreams had she coveted wealth more
than bliss? What if Mr. Hogan had praised Jim above
Stanley? Mr. Hogan might be prejudiced in favor of
property—he very probably was. All this surged through
her mind in an instant; she turned and looked at Lancaster.
He was serene; he stepped to her side and said in his soft,
agreeable voice :
“Miss Fleming, if Madnau is to have your society for the
afternoon, it is nothing more than just that you go to dinner
with me; Madnau must not attempt to inaugurate a mo-
nopoly.”
She smiled, and all her color returned as she said:
“ Certainly ; Mr. Madnau will get sufficiently tired of me
during the afternoon ; it would be cruel to inflict my society
upon him during dinner also.” Then she placed her hande
