THE HISTORY OF A DAY. 359
for you to beg for your life. You are doomed. If what I
am doing seems horrible to you, remember how you plotted
against my husband, how you stole his property, how you
sullied his name and hunted him down like a beast.”
He opened his lips to speak, but she silenced him. What
was the use of allowing him to plead for the life she did not
intend to grant ? It would be prolonging his anguish and
intensifying her own.
“T have prayed for you,” she said. “My hands are un-
stained by larceny and causeless murder; my tongue is un-
tainted by perjury. My prayers will be more powerful in
Heaven than yours; be content with them.”
“But Mrs. Madnau——”
“You did not allow my poor Jim a word. You hunted
him down because he interfered with your scheme for be-
coming wealthy upon the earnings of those whom you could
dupe. He was a thriving food-plant, who gave to the less
fortunate a share of his aggregated fruits. Your band are the
noxious weeds who smothered him out of existence, and
where you now flourish is desolation. You are still robbing
thesmall owners on Trelawna of their possessions. Shall not
weeds and thistles be cut down so that honest growth may
flourish ?”
Clyde, believing that Mary was for the moment intent upon
her harangue, jerked the rope out of her hand, put spurs to
his horse and made a wild start toward camp. It was a
chance at least, and was preferable to standing still to be ex-
ecuted. As his maddened horse neared the top of the divide,
the rider felt a sudden sharp, cutting pain in his back.
Mary emptied one—two—three chambers of her revolver
into his body. He fell from his horse without a cry, his
right foot remaining in the stirrup, and his body dragging
upon the ground. Mary caught the maddened horse by the
bridle, checked his wild flight, and soothed him into quietude,
Then she dismounted. If she turned the frantic animal out
with the saddle upon his back, it would cause him great torture
and very probably be his death. He had never wronged
her. She stripped off saddle and bridle, left them lying,
and gave him his freedom. ‘Then she mounted. She had
left Harry’s horse at the ford tied to the cedar. He would
be released when his master’s body was discovered.
She turned toward the camp. It would require some two
hours for her to reach it. She put her rein round her neck
and re-loaded the empty chambers of her revolver. If she
