340 THE ADMINISTRATRIA.
had managed his defense very well—so well in fact that
Mr. Mory trembled lest he should clear himself. He—Mr.
Mory—bceeame so uervous on this account that he took occa-
sion to inform Kid several times that he,—Kid—knew
nothing—less than nothing—far worse than nothing. Now
one of the surest ways to crush a man who has proven pos-
session of as much or more knowledge than we can boast, is
to assert that he knows nothing. By so doing we not only
humiliate him, but also seize the opportunity to pass an in-
direct and perhaps not undeserved compliment upon our-
selves,
But Mr. Mory need not have been uneasy. Kid was well
known as a young man without bad habits; then he must
of course have money; and by being found guilty, his pocket
could be made to yseld up fees sufficient to help maintain
the dignity of the law. Mr. Hogan afterward assured him
that the law seldom attempts to pick down from a plucked
swan; it, with its undisputed sagacity, hunts up a well
clothed bird. Kid was declared by the honorable court to
he guilty of having assaulted and battered Tom. It seemed
to the culprit that everybody he came near reached into his
pocket and took out a fee. It was just at this time that he
sincerely regretted the fact of his having abandoned his idea
of studying law ; for if he had understood law, who can say
that upon this trying occasion he might not have found some
pretext for putting his own hand into his pocket, and draw-
ing hence a fee for himself? So Kid, having learned that
the defense of one’s body is a dangerous and expensive
luxury, only to be indulged in by those who have not the
wherewithal with which to pay fines, walked out of the
court-room quoting to himself a fragment of the constitution
concerning the right of the people to be secure in their
persons.
Tom was much elated with his victory. So also was Mr.
J. J. Mory. The victory cost Tom forty-five dollars—forty
dollars for the services of Mr. Mory and five dollars for
drinks for his witnesses. Kid had escaped under about the
same taxation. But then it must be remembered that Kid
had the defeat. But there was one person concerned who,
although happy over Tom’s victory, was not pleased at the
disbursement of the forty-five dollars. It has already been
stated that the defeat of Thundercloud had beggared Tom.
He borrowed the forty-five dollars from the other Circle Bar
