SWEET RECREATION. 253
The party started up Frelawna in two groups of three
each. Hen, Gus, and Kid were in the rear. Hen seemed
troubled, and said in an anxious voice:
“Kid, I’d dreadful hate to see the women do the way
you said.”
“But Hen,” he answered, “ it would wake the men up and
the government, too. Anybody that reasons can see that the
home is the only safe training school for the citizen of a
republic; and if the women, because of the outrageous treat-
ment they receive, would undertake to break down the home
system—and they could do it quick as wink if they’d just
make up their minds—the men would see the necessity of
making laws that would render marriage clean and sacred.
A thinking creature—and such the women are becoming—
desires justice just as much as it desires purity. I know
that circumstance is to blame for making women servile;
but if the women would resolutely throw off that servility
and show their teeth, there’d be something done.”
“Well, Kid, I hope the men’l] wake up before the women
git so desp’ret as to try to run the home and marriage _busi-
ness off the range.”
“So do I,” said Kid. “The state of society I speak of
would be a realization of horror so far as the best men are
concerned. It would be riot, in which the worst libertine
would get most of the petting and love. Women, blindly
following impulse and passion, would not pause to study the
natures or characteristics of the men who presented them-
selves, thus accepting the showy, superficial villain who is
best at flattering, and turning away from him who has only
his unadorned manliness. In the arrival of such a state of
society the libertine has nothing to lose, while the man will
lose everything; marriage is quite as much of a protection
to the well-intentioned man as it is to woman; and the man
who does not demand an improvement in the present state
of affairs is blindly digging the grave of his own happiness
and security. Does the well-meaning man, when he refuses
to raise his voice in protest of our social system, ever con-
sider what life bereft of family ties, of home memories, of
home seclusion and rest, of child-love and wife-love, would
be worth to him? In such a state of society, children, if
they grew up at all, would grow up in neglect. Even if the
government should found institutions for their bringing-up,
they would be like incubator chicks that continually hunt
mother wings beneath which to hover, and chirp discord-
