316 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
a dugout, sometimes in a tent, and sometimes under the un-
sheltering stars—her weapons were always with her. It
was a wild life, keeping her in an endless state of nervous
tension, and bringing her suffering, anxiety and toil. But
she had long since vowed to shrink at nothing. It would all
be over one day, and then would come rest. Secret and
bitter are the struggles that prelude victory and peace.
It was late in July after her bereavement in the preced-
ing November, that Mary applied for employment at the
Circle Bar. Her sister would scarcely have recognized her.
She had the appearance of a very handsome boy of sixteen.
The suffering she had undergone had not given her a look of
age; it showed in an expression of weariness and premature
thoughtfulness. Her beauty was heightened by its effect.
It was as if a beautiful but highly-colored picture was by its
exposure to the elements softened in its intensity without
losing either effect on the senses or perfection of outline.
It is difficult for us to realize how small, how youthful and
how pretty the average woman in her early years appears,
until we have seen her masquerading in masculine apparel.
Mary in her disguise was striking and picturesque. Her
hat was black, with a low, flat crown, surrounded by a band
of light yellow leather on which were grapes and leaves in
dark brown; the brim of extraordinary width threw a dark
shadow over her melancholy face. She wore a shirt of light
gray, elaborately embroidered in scarlet; black trowsers and
the most wonderful chaparejos to be imagined. The last
were of light yellow leather, and were stamped with numer-
ous designs of vaquero life, representing the wild stampede,
the branding, the expert lasso thrower, and the return to
the beloved lady at home; fringe fully six inches in depth
hung adown the sides. Her dainty, high-heeled boots, when
she had stripped off her chaparejos, showed high tops where-
on was stamped, in gilt a vaquero in full chase after a cow.
Strapped to her boots were silver spurs with long rays.
Round her body was a leathern belt from which depended
two pearl-inlaid revolvers. Tied to her saddle was a coat of
well tanned shiny black goat leather lined with scarlet cloth.
She was mounted upon a well formed chestnut sorrel mus-
tang, with a saddle of the most extravagant Spanish pattern,
and a bridle that was rich in ornament. She desired tomake
a strikiny appearance. Not a detail of her equipage but was
the result of study. She was there to fascinate, and trick
men into telling the truth. She knew that while men are
