192 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
get ready, and now he’s set the day himself. I’d rather
die.’
“¢Did you father intend to have much of a wedding?’
“«¢He intends to have a big drunken spree, just as he
always does when he gets a chance. He gave me fifty dol-
lars to buy things for my wedding, and I’ve a notion to take
the money and run off.’
““¢ Where would you go! What would you do?’
“¢Td go East and try to get work.’
“¢The East is over-crowded now. Wageearners have a hard
time.’
“She set out his supper while he sat in a deep study. When
Louise took her seat, he drew his chair to the table and asked
if Johnson was to be there that evening.
““No,’ she answered. ‘1 told him 1 had some sewing to
do and would be too busy to see him.’
“< Does he appear to suspect that you dislike him ?’
“No, he is too conceited for that. He was treating every-
body to-night, and my name was being tossed about among
the drunken loafers like that of a prize horse. Oh! Oh!’
““¢ Has your father a regular time to come home ?’
“ : He never comes earlier than ten and is often as late as
two.
“¢Tt will never do for you to go away alone.’
“¢Then do you advise me to stay ?’
“¢No, I will tell you. I will go with you if you will allow
me, but we must be married. If you are unhappy I will give
youadivorce.”’ This speech left him nervous and darkly
flushed.
“ Her only answer was a wondering stare.
“¢Of course it is folly for such complete strangers to talk
about loving each other,’ he went on. ‘The object now is
to save you from a wretched fate. I am very poor and our
lot may be very hard. But as your husband I can protect
you; and if you want your freedom you shall have it. If we
learn to care for each other, all the better.’
“ Again she only stared.
“<You would be taking a great risk,’ he said. ‘For all
you know. I may be worse than Johnson is.’
“No, that is impossible. The man who saves me from such
a villain cannot be bad. I will take the risk and try always
to remember how you have burdened yourself for a stranger.
It will be a simple business transaction with all love left out,
but do not think for a moment that gratitude is missing.’
