"DISCOVERY. 125
and exceeding critical in our absence, nothing is more certain
than that we are getting on advantageously in life. Jim
and Mary reasoned thus, and so threw off the stings of their
small neighbors’ venom.
Mary, being the only newcomer among so many old res-
idents, found her position in her husband’s house a rather
embarrassing one. Mrs. Hopkins prepared at once to re-
move herself, husband and luggage into the old cabin. Mary
and Jim both petitioned her to stay, but their .prayers were
useless. The old couple would stay and do Jim’s gardening
for him and take care of the cows, milk and butter, if Jim
so desired. But the old lady wanted to be first in the house
wherein she dwelt. Jt was finally agreed that the offer of
the old couple should be accepted—they would take the cows,
hens and garden on shares; and the old lady would help
Mary with the work until the arrival of Iola, who had been
sent for as soon as the marriage took place. For now that
Mary had a home she was determined to share it with her
sister. The old lady and gentleman moved out at once and
made for themselves a very snug home in the cabin.
The old lady’s services were not called in often. Jim
found the house so pleasant that he himself concluded to act
as Mary’s assistant. His help consisted chiefly in blindfold-
ing his wife with the dish towel, hiding her slippers, and
tying her apron strings in the most incorrigible knots. It
was not until he had his ears. boxed for wiping a plate with
his handkerchief that he awakened to the fact that the time
for play and thoughtlessness had vanished. For bliss had
made a boy of Jim.
The house had been furnished with articles selected by the
old lady. There was sufficient to keep house with, but all
was plain. The house had no proper parlor; the front room
was used as a sitting-room ; it was carpeted in good taste; it
contained plain, strong wooden chairs, a lounge upholstered
with brussels, a book-table and hanging lamp. The room
on account of its size looked rather bare. Mary-suggested
this fact to Jim, and at the end of two weeks a piano took up
just the right amount of space to make things appear cosey.
Jim would have bought new furniture for this room, but
Mary objected; she was already overwhelmed with the idea
of her sudden prosperity, andfound considerable difficulty in
persuading herself that she actually had dominion over all
the pots, pans, dishes, chairs and furnishings in that house,
