54 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
husband to the ball on the Friday evening. Mary was a con-
scientious school-marm, but when her weck’s work was done
she was sufficiently human to love play. She loved danc-
ing, and could scarcely keep her ready muscles quiet in the
hearing of music. She would have preferred the handsome
Stanley as an escort, but that fact made Mrs. Herron’s kind-
ness none the less admirable. Of course, Stanley might not
ask her, and then she would be cheated out of the party, for
Mr. and Mrs. Hogan did not attend balls. The note had
been given her by Maggie Haskins, and a polite acceptance
had been sent to Mrs. Herron by the same hand. But Mary
did not allow the thought of the ball to interfere with her
work. She finished looking over the copy books, and laid
them aside. She then placed upon the black-board a list of
words for the second reader class, a list of questions for the
history class, and half a dozen problems for the highest
arithmetic class. Then there were tables and copies for the
little folks, and lastly the sweeping and dusting. When all
was accomplished she drew out the little diary, and seating
herself took up her pen: the sunbeams came through the
west windows and lay in almost horizontal lines upon the
furniture and occupant of the room; one of them broke in a
flood of gold upon the dark coronet of hair that crowned the
occupant’s head. The lady opened the book and smiled,
showing a line of white teeth; in that smile lay expectation
of triumph ; she was reading the passages referring to Mad-
nau and Lancaster. Fora few months she had been reporter
and local editor for a paper in her old home city, and thus
had she acquired the habit of writing down her thoughts.
But the reportorial fury did not take possession of her this
evening. She read and smiled—then re-read and smiled
again. Then she dipped the pen into the ink; then she
read and smiled again. Then she shook the black drops
from the steel point and pushed pen and bottle away. She
sat with the leaves of the book between her fingers until the
sunbeams fled; and looking out of the window she saw that
the sun had disappeared behind the gold-crested range. She
donned her buff chambre sun-bonnet, took up her dinner-
pail, and hurried home.
she hastened down the slope in obedience to the voice
of an appetite new and strange to her, it might have been
seen that there was more of tan and less of hectic flush upon
her cheek, than when a few days previous she had met and
talked with the rider at her school-room door.
