THE HEART HISTORY OF HEN HALL. 289
near the center of the inclosure, when he mounted desiring to
keep as far as possible from fences. There were frightful
leaps and plunges. The animal, however, could not unseat
his ready and experienced rider. Had he not plunged against
the fence all would have been well. But he dashed against
the heavy cottonwood rails, falling, and pinioning his rider
between his own body and the obstruction. Iola, who had
been a terrified spectator, ran across the field to where he
lay. The horse, now free, charged madly about the pasture
endeavoring to cast off the saddle. Hen’s back had struck
the fence with great violence and he had fainted. The girl
dipped water in the palm of her hand from the ditch outside
the inclosure and tried to restore him to consciousness.
Seeing her brother and sister ride up to the house, she waved
her sunbonnet and called aloud. They were soon with her.
In the course of half an hour Hen lay on a bed in the little
chamber opening off the sitting-room that was reserved
for visitors. Mary insisted on his being placed where she
could conveniently take care of him. A physician was called
who pronounced the case a very serious one.

u
CHAPTER XXXTIL
THE HEART HISTORY OF HEN HALL.
THE pious cowboy lay dying. The open window beside
his bed let in the balmy November air, perfumed by the de-
licious scent of the fallen, drying leaves. There was the plen-
itude of atmospheric wealth without a touch of frost ora
a suggestion of chill. The summer was lingering into the
autumn. The wan face on the bed was turned to the win-
dow as if laving in the garnered sweetness of purity and
scent. The fast brightening eyes opened and gazed restfully
at the hilis. There was a movement of the hand, and a
slight sigh. Mary came quickly forward, starting as she
perceived the change in her charge. During the five days
she had nursed him she had been hopeful, even though the
doctor gave her small encouragement.
“Ts there anything you want, Mr. Hall?” she asked,
breathlessly.
“T’ve been thinkin’,” he said softly, “whether you’d like
19
