286 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“Tt’s wrong for there to be such bad people. As long as
they’re kept alongside us, we’re some of us as liable to fall in:
love with them as any. We may suffer for loving them, but
we can not always quit.”
“But, Emma, there are good men whom it is our duty to
love and honor.”
“There are not enough good ones to go round. Some of
us will have to take bad ones or stay old maids.”
“Then let’s stay old maids.”
“Then people will turn up their noses at us. And besides,
Tola, it’s natural to love some one and want him to love you.
The men have every chance and we don’t have any. They can
do as they please and take their choice in everything. I
get tired of living sometimes.”
“Well, Emma, I’d quit thinking of Jennings and try to
think of some one better. Why I'd die, Emma, before I’d
give up so for any man.”
“T expect to die before ever I quit caring for him. I
know it’s wrong, lola, but I love him. I’d marry him to-day
if he’d ask me.”
“ But, Emma, he’d be mean to you if he did marry you.”
“ Well, meanness is easily borne from one we love.”
“T don’t think so. It would make me hate any one.”
“ But we are different. You are independent andstrong.”
“But, Emma, we women must be strony, it’s our only de-
fence. We are bound to suffer for weakness. Weak people
always suffer. People just despise them and don’t even ap-
preciate their sacrifices. It’s very wrong, I know, but then
it’s true.”
Emma kept on looking down at her hands; her tears still
fell. Her face had lost all its animation and was dull and
heavy.
“Can’t I help you to get dinner?” she asked.
“Yes, if you like. Yon may peel the potatoes. No one
but us two and Mr. Hall willbe here. But, Emma, you ought
not to tell of your trouble. Most people will laugh at you.”
“ Well, I don’t see how I can hide it. The folks at home
all think I’m taking mountain fever. 0, Iola, Iam ashamed
to be such a fool,” and then she began to sob.
At noon Hen Hall came home from Milroy City. He was
indignant. The cause of his indignation was Lat Jennings,
who of course watched every opportunity to communicate
with the Bar Eleven men.
Milroy City had recently decided that for the safety cf its
