118 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
her nose in somebody else’s business. I knew you'd been
there a good deal and I thought likely as not she’d been tell-
in’ you a lot of things about me.”
Mary confessed to a few private interviews with the lady.
Jim laughed. “ And how much of it do you believe?” he
asked.
“T don’t believe any of it now.”
“Well, Miss Fleming, I’m not good enough for you, I
know, but I’m fitter than some men. I used to feel like
fightin’ when I’d see that Lancaster around you,” and Jim’s
eyes were warlike. “But I’m goin’ to tell you one thing,
Miss Fleming, and I hope you won’t think I’m tryin’ to rule
you, but sometimes you let people manage you too much.
You believe in smooth people too readily, yet you can be as
independent as anybody, sometimes. Now I’m confident
you used to think Lancaster was a terror when in fact he’d
have injured you quick as wink if he possibly could. O,I
used to want to lick him, though. Then anybody ought to
know that Mrs, Chellis is too good to last long; why that
woman is always plottin’ some deviltry. I don’t know as I
ought to say it, but they’ve been settin’ traps for me, for a
good while now. Ofcourse it wasn’t me they wanted; it
was what little property I’ve got; but they set no end of
traps. That day I took Amy out ridin’ I couldn’t get out
of goin’. I knew that as long as you and me had been goin’
together that I hadn’t any right to take her, but I couldn’t
help myself. But then I never let people get round me till
they do me some injury. You’re so much better than I am
that I ought to be ashamed to lecture you, but you need to
develop strength. People get imposed upon if they don’t
show their teeth once in a while. I believe that if Mrs.
Chellis would get hold of you now, she’d talk you out of this.
What do you think? ”
“Well, I don’t know. She cannot talk me out of caring
for you, though. I’ve been pulled and hauled about so ever
since I was a child, that I’ve no strength left. I'll have to
learn strength from you.”
“ Well, ’ve a notion to take you to Milroy to-morrow
evening, if you don’t object, and have this business fixed up,
so that Mrs. Chellis nor no one else can interfere. What
do you say ?”
Perhaps Mary ought to have fainted, but she did not.
She’ felt much as the child who has just fallen downstairs,
feels towards the person who picks it up. Having lost con-
