THE COWBOY AS ROMANCER. 217
service as well as beauty, and are particularly fitted for rough
and dangerous riding. They have long double strings of
leather hanging from either side from which cloaks, bundles
or lunches may be suspended. Mary had seen a few cowgirl
saddles since her arrival in the state, but nothing so pro-
nounced as this. Instead of buckles or sewing in many places
where buckles or sewing would have been possible, heavy
buckskin thongs were in use. Mary declared that the saddle
was all elegance and strings, and that she would not appreciate
it if it had one string less. Her childish delight produced
such an effect upon Lat Jennings that he declared that if he
thought he could make any one so happy he would buy a
saddle, himself. Penobscot Bill remarked that though the
saddle did very well he had seen “lots nicer ones back yonder.”
When Iola sighed because she had no such institution, Gus
Waite, who of course was present in the evening, took an
inventory of the article and inquired its cost. Kid sang several
pleasing and appropriate couplets concerning equestrianism
and field sports generally, while Jim employed Hen Hall to
hold the saddle up for him while he pushed Mary against it
and tied her up in the cinchas, latigo straps, tie-strings,
et cetera, and then put the stirrup strap round her neck. Mary
was a good saddle woman before this. She now accompanied
her husband on many of his range trips, took risks where risks
were possible, and became quite as confident and proficient in
the saddle as Broncho Charlie himself. Her husband was also
giving her lessons in pistol shooting. She had done badly at
first, but the fact of Kid rolling on the ground and laughing
at one of her bad shots, and the boasting of Lat Jennings
concerning his proficiency at marksmanship, aroused her.
She at last received Jim’s assurance that if she kept on
improving she would eventually rival even the peerless
Texas Ike.

CHAPTER XXIV.
THE COWBOY AS ROMAYCER.
Tux third literary evening at the Bar Eleven began much
as did the second. The same persons were present with the
happy addition of Texas Ike and five of his seven satellites.
These gentlemen were much delighted with their reception,
and insisted upon all the Bar Eleven crowd attending a ball
