184 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
either fought me off or run away. I’d have been a fool to
tell him I was going to break him all up. I’d been cheated
out of the fun of killing him, then. A man mustn’t always
let his exact intentions be known.’
“© <« Well,’ said the chief in a loud voice, ‘I’m angry with
you two individuals for killing my subjects.’
“<¢T’m sorry !’ chorused the two offenders ; for they knew
the chief well enough to be sorry when he got into a heated
mood.
“¢ ll make you both sorrier,’ he said. And then in a
solemn tone that has been imitated more or less by judges
since that time, he added:
“<«T decree that with a club you shall both be brained till
you are dead. The circus will take place at sundown, this
evening. And all others who kill shall be killed.’
‘“ The shocked and astonished crowd moved away to discuss.
The new law had no friends save the Chuckleheads, though
all were careful to keep out of hearing of the chief while
they stated their objections.
“<¢ Why,’ said one old woman, ‘we’ve got one law now
that says we can’t run a family out of a tree and then keep
the tree. We'll have laws so thick next that we can’t stir
for ’em.’.
“¢Why it takes away our personal liberty,’ said a tall
man. ‘I'd like to know what there is to live for, if I can’t
amuse myself killing off the people I don’t like.’
“« And then it’s without precedent,’ said a young phi-
losopher.
“ «But what beats me is the absurd idea of the murderer
being to blame,’ said a fat man, laying off wisdom with his
hands. ‘Now if I want to kill a man, and he isn’t smart
enough to keep out of my way, it may indeed be his mis-
fortune ; but how is it my fault ?’
“¢ And then it is putting the dignity of legal protection on
a set that are too trifling to protect themselves,’ said the
tall man.
“¢ And it won’t prevent murder. There will me more kill-
ing done under the law than there ever has been before,’ said
an elegantly formed middle-aged individual, ‘ And it will be
done in secret, and every kind of a trick will be used to hide
it, too. O, its going to ruin the tribe,’ and he sighed sadly.
“ Chucklehead here arrived upon the scene and suggested
that even if the law did not wholly prevent murder that
it would render it unpopular and hold it in check; but he
was laughed to scorn.
