THE DARLING OF THE CIRCLE BAR. 313
ployment they would have had great difficulty to remain so.
The older Circle Bar employés not only drank, caroused, and
gambled, themselves, but they insisted upon all their coms
panions doing the same, and ridiculed and persecuted them
if they refrained. They made it a rule to go to Milroy City
for a spree at the close of every roundup, and as often as pos-
sible on Saturday evenings. They quarreled among them-
selves, they sat silent and surly for whole evenings together,
then made friends again and proceeded to drink and gamble.
When they sang, they sang lewd songs. Their faces could
not escape bearing the impress of their characters. Their
countenance were hard and merciless; their eyes cynical and
steely; their manner an impudent swagger. They had not
become so with a bound. They had been going down for
years. They had attained their present natures by degrees.
A gradual sliding down hill is much commoner than a fall.
They had forgotten that there are sweet ties and tender
emotions in life. They cultivated their worst characteristics
and tried to forget that they had ever had better ones. They
were well known throughout Boneset county. When the
saloons were in an uproar and the dance-houses particularly
noisy, people would say: “O, the Circle Bar men are
there.”
They had been rough before the murder of Jim Madnau.
That event had not improved them. Perhaps its very mem-
ory had caused them to handle their lives and destinies with
a little more than their former recklessness. In the old days,
Mary had insisted on their being invited to the Bar Eleven
occasionally, thinking that civil society might have a good
effect upon them. Thus she had become slightly acquainted
with them all.
A presence was now to come among them that would call
out their best natures, appeal to their kindliness and sense of
romance, and for a time drive their brute instincts to the rear.
It was a daring experiment for a woman to come alone into
such a crew.
A rehearsal is not pleasant. The play-goer does not ask to
see the half-prepared theatre, the daylight on the stage ex-
hibiting the discolored faces of the performers, the shabby,
careless dressing, and the air of crude unreadiness. He
asks the full panoply of grandeur ; the players stimulated to
excel by the magic of audience, lights and applause; the
carefully prepared faces; the brilliant and appropriate robes,
and the stage defying facts to a test of rivalry. The audi-
