STILL STRANGER EVENTS. 98
ready chilled by the rapidly lowering temperature of night,
she began to tremble. She was no coward, but she knew the
wisdom of avoiding a night-meeting with a drunken rowdy.
She crept under the fence and hid behind a clump of black
currant-bushes. The horse and rider were rapidly advanc-.
ing. The horse was foam-marked, rearing and plunging.
She would leap forward a few paces, then pause abruptly,
jump backward, run sideways, then stand on her hind feet
with her fore feet in air. With a wild start Mary recognized
the rider’s voice. He was Jim Madnau, and this was Kate
in the full enjoyment of one of her “ spells.”
“Go on, you blanked old hag!” requested Jim, as he
struck her with his spur. Kate leaped up, turned round in
mid-air, gave her hind heels a furious perpetual motion dis-
play and alighted upon the same ground she had previously
occupied, but with her head in the opposite direction from
the one it had had when she arose. Jim’s hat flew off and
sailed over in the direction of the currant-bushes, where it at
last found rest. Kate chewed her bit a moment, then raised
on her hind feet, took a long breath and leaped forward in
the direction of Milroy City. Having satisfied her desire
to travel in that direction, she made a side run of about
forty yards towards the creek, then just in time to save her-
self and rider from the precipice she turned and made another
side run for the fence.
“Tl stave your ribs in!” shrieked Jim.
Kate gave a furious snort, executed another aerial turn,
ran furiously down the road for some distance, turned sharp
enough to crack the saddle strings almost as if they had been
whip lashes, then slowed her movements, gave a long satis-
fied snort, and quieted, every muscle trembling, eyes flash-
ing and nostrils flaming. Jim seemed to understand these
signs.
“So then, you’ve come round, you old minx,” he said.
“ Why couldn’t you have behaved yourself in the first place,
and saved all this racket, hey ? Now I’ve got to get down
and hunt up that blanked hat.”
Mary had long ere this reached through the fence and se-
cured the hat. Jim looked valiantly round for it, but of
course it was not to be found.
“ Well, I'll have to let the cussed thing go till morning,”
he muttered. Then he went back to Kate, who had been
standing unsecured in obedience to his order all this time,
and began to adjust the saddle. “Why, your shoulder’s
