148 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
cerning a young cowboy who had made a series of moral
blunders, and wound up his tangled career by getting shot
through the body and dying, in a very touching manner.
The “touching manner” refers to the dying act of the
unfortunate cowboy as well as to the style of singing. Meet
ing with considerable praise, he sang two more songs, and
though these differed widely in meter and poetic feet, all
three were sung to the same tune. The reader may doubt
the ability of any one to sing Dan Tucker, Marching through
Georgia, and Hail Columbia, or any three songs of similar
difference to the same tune; but if he does, it is sipmly
because he was never acquainted with Mr. Jennings. Mr.
Jennings had one set, peculiar tune of his own, that resembled
a detective’s dress suit. It could be pulled out here, tucked
up there, lengthened in the back, or shortened all round so
as to fit any time, stanza or occasion. He adjusted it to suit
all three of his songs, and the crowd seemed much delighted
by his performance.
“T am going to suggest something,” said Mary. “It is
this. On next Saturday evening we will all meet here in
this room, and each one must sing a song—yes, you too, Mr.
Jim Madnau—and if possible the songs are to be of our own
composition. What do you all say ? ”
Tola, Gus, Kid and Lat consented; the others after con-
siderable urging agreed to try. It was also agreed to invite
Bella Martin and a few others to come.
After the party broke up for the night Mary expressed
her opinion concerning Mr. Jennings to her husband with
the greatest freedom. She related the stories of daring and
asked Jim his opinion.
“Well,” said Jim, “he may talk too much, but then you
can’t say. Some fellows have been through a good deal.”
“But he says he’s only twenty-six years old. And he’s
been a cowboy nine years, and studied law six months, and
taught school and been a sheriff andaneditor. It takes time
for all those things.”
“ Well, maybe he started out young.”
“He must have.”
“Well, Mary, he works well. I put him to clearing out
the greasewood in the new land across the creek, and he did
tip-top yesterday. Of course it may not last. Give him
credit for working well, if for nothing else.”
_ “Perhaps he works hard in the daytime as an offset to the
violent friction of his jaw in the evening,” suggested Mary,
thoughtfully, . °
