THE SUMMER ROUNDUP. 241
was now hunting her companions. He recognized her as he
drew nearer. She was one of his own herd, and had been off
in the mountains for months. He remembered her by a
peculiar droop of the horn. She was wild, and afraid of a
man on foot. He went back and mounted, Jennings follow-
ing his example. He rode as close as possible to her, her
wildness preventing close proximity, to examine her brand
and be sure. Why, could it be possible? She bore Lan-
caster’s brand—a bar H. Could it be possible that he did
not know her? Not know that peculiar horn? Ah, the
cross on the H was new and clear, and the bar and the two
vertical lines were rather indistinct. He looked stupidly at
his two companions. Neither knew the animal. Jim had
not remembered seeing her since Bill had been in his employ.
He trailed the cow until he learned the direction whence she
had come. Then he turned to Bill, and, pointing in that
quarter, asked if he knew who had gathered the stock from
that way.
“ Stan Lancaster,” said Bill.
“T know why he left her behind, then,” muttered Jim,
savagely; and over his face came a moisture, and in his veins
a tempest. He rode home in gloomy silence, and with teeth
firmly set together.
He did not tell his wife, fearing to make her nervous and
retard the hoped-for return of her health. But he rode many
days looking for new crosses on bar H brands. He found,
during the next three months, more than twenty head to
which he and Hen Hall could swear. Kid, who had been in
his employ two years, knew six of them. Jim bridled his
anger when in the presence of Stanley. He decided to set a
trap and watch. The fact that soon after the spring round-
up Stanley announced himself a member of the Circle Bar
Cattle Company surprised him. He had never susy-ected the
Talberts. They stood high, both financially and socially, in
Milroy City. He knew them hard at trade, but he could not
but believe that they were ignorant of Lancaster’s character.
His first impulse was to warn them—his next to watch.
Jim was absent on the round up three days. Bella Martin
and the Hopkinses stayed with the Bar Eleven ladies during
this time; the Hopkinses to look after the young house-
keeper and her flock, and Bella to assist in the entertainment
of Mr. Jennings. Mary was disturbed that Jim should wear
a troubled look when he returned. She began to use her
wifely arts to cheer him and draw out his secret. Seeing
