108 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
him like this, was it not charity to be glad she had won the
object of her devotion? No, no, love is selfish—she could
only hate the one who cheated her. She could marry her
loved one if all other women died. And yet she could not
doubt Amy’s friendship. Amy believed that she loved Stan-
ley. Well, well; her school would be out in a week and
then she would fly; no matter where, just so that it was out
of sight and hearing of Jim Madnau. She saw, far away in
the gathering shadows of the east, an approaching horseman;
it was he, returning ; she fled into the house.
The next evening she heard Mr. Hogan say that Jim had
gone to Milroy City that morning and been caught on a
jury; probably he would not be home for a week. Mary
was thankful for that; she could teach her last week through
without seeing him, and perhaps get out of the neighborhood
before he returned. ‘The next Sunday would be Christmas
day. She had lost three days, when her cough was at its
worst, and would make these up during the holiday week.
She would get ready for her journey during the latter part
of the week and start on the following Monday. Where
would she go? Away from Frelawna.
The making of a definite plan strengthens and helps us.
She got through the week with a little less misery than she
could have hoped for. When she arrived at home on the
Priday night, she was surprised to find Amy waiting for
er.
“You are to go home with me and spend the holidays,
every one of them,” said Amy.
“ But I have to teach on three of them.”
“ How is that ?”
Mary explained. Amy looked puzzled, annoyed and dis-
appointed.
“Well, you can come with me and stay till Sunday even-
ing, can’t you?”
Mary concluded, after Amy had explained that Mr. Pander
would be absent, that she could. She made ready, and was
carried off.
She felt less restraint on this. occasion, and got through
her first evening very well. Mrs. Chellis’s girl had “ flared
up” and left, so Mary helped Amy wash up the magnificent
china and glassware after supper, while Mrs. Chellis attended
to the silver. There was so much enjoyment in a dish-wash-
ing party to Mary, that she had, during its progress at least,
much pleasure. She broke no dishes, but made them shine
