THAT THEY BECOME TANGLED. 107
And yet she had made up her mind, she would show her
wound to the least possible extent. She would join the
thousands who protest they have not loved and lost—the
thousands whose words are gilded closet-doors that shut
grinning skeletons away from view. Happy is the fox who
can bring himself to delieve in the acidity of the fruit that
hangs hopelessly out of his reach.

CHAPTER XII.
THAT THEY BECOME TANGLED,
Mary, in quick and heavy despair, gave up the fight as
lost. The enemy was too well entrenched; resistance is
useful only when hopeful. She was conscious of nothing
save a dull ache in her heart and a feverish longing for
change of scene. She moved about the house mechanically,
and in the morning was glad of the routine of school work
that would employ her. She allowed no thought of the
future to break upon her; she had enough to do, to battle
with the agony of the present.
In the evening after school was over she sat at the sit-
ting-room window, staring stupidly out into the road, when
she saw what drove every particle of color out of her face,
and took away even the poor power to cry out in her pain.
Her head just dropped upon the sill, as with dazed eyes she
looked upon the death parade of her hopes. Jim and Amy,
the former in faultless black, the latter elegant in black
velvet riding habit, were cantering down the road. They
had been up the creek somewhere, perhaps visiting the
agate beds or thecave. Mary was alone in the sitting-room.
She must act. Quiet was impossible. The reaction came on,
and where was blanched, death-like cheek, was now the
hectic blush of frenzy. She rose and steadied herself with
her hand on the back of a chair, as the return of her cough
shook her form. “It is killing me,” she muttered.
As soon as the pair had passed some little distance, she
fled into the road and nervously walked up and down, her
hands spasmodically clenching each other. The sun had set
and the bitter cold of night was succeeding the pleasant, sunny
temperature of day, but still she hurried on, walking up and
down as if running from some pursuing fate. If Amy loved
