ACTION UNDER THE RIATA. 131
humanity is the pursuit of happiness. The aim of civiliza-
tion is the pursuit of happiness without trampling upon the
happiness of others. Marriage is an institution for the se-
curing of happiness. Liberty demands that it be made pos-
sible for all and compulsory for none. Passion we inherit
from along line of ancestors, first brutes, then brutal, then
imbruted ; it is of no more use to deny its existence than to
deny the existence of hands; hands may be kept idle and
passion may be absolutely held in check, but neither is
natural. But since civilization is slowly teaching us that
there are better employments for our hands than rending the
weak and causing misery to the helpless, so it should .teach
us there are better uses for passion than the shame of women
and the misery of children. Love and passion that might
result in happiness, now result in infinite misery. As long
as the unthinking child is permitted by his mother to mess
over the choice food upon the table, and after tasting, re-
ject and select again, only to leave a new article soiled and
unchosen, he selects without judgment and rejects without
consideration, asking only the indulgence of his extravagant
caprice, regardless of that which might have blessed and
nourished him, now left unfit to bless or nourish any. As
long as the unthinking man is permitted by law to tamper at
random with the rights and persons of women, and after
soiling familiarity to reject and select again, only to leave a
new creature blasted and unchosen, he selects without judg-
ment and rejects without pity, asking only the indulgence of
his merciless sensuality, regardless of the woman who might
have blessed and strengthened him, now left unapt to be
chosen as the blessing or companion of any. The laws—
what there are—in existence now for the regulation of the
social evil, have for their only object the persecution of the wo-
men. whom other laws have allowed to be sunk to a condition
that renders a life of crime a necessity. To do away with
the possibility of a certain crime is better than to punish it.
A national law pronouncing marital association marriage,
and authorizing an officer to register the parties to cohabita-
tion as husband and wife, would deal the death blow to se-
duction and end prostitution once and forever. The woman
whose youth, ignorance or weakness allowed her to be over-
persuaded, would not then be a shamed girl, compelled to
flee respectability and seek her bread in the avenues of
crime; she would be a married woman. There would be no
inducement for her companion in guilt to flee, since neither
