142 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
great big two-fisted chap stepped up with his partner and
pushed me right out of my corner. He says, ‘we men ’ll
dance now; you kids can dance after ’while!’ I told m
partner I was goin’ to hit him and she said she’d stand there
while I done it. Well, I hit him. Then he yanked out a
big revolver and come down on my head with it. Well, I
never knowed nothin’ fer three months and he didn’t fer
six. They was a lot of my friends there and they jest like
to a beat him into a jelly. He’d cracked my skull and I
tell you I had a dickens of a time pullin’ through. The
doctor had to puta silver plate in my skull bout the size
of a quarter. It’s right here;” he said, indicating the
region of the imaginative bump, and looking from Tola to
Mary. Lat’s every action proclaimed that his words were
meant especially for lady ears. This intelligence was an
enlightener to Mary ; she now understood the new comer’s
large statements—the silver plate pressing upon the bump
of imagination stimulated that faculty to unusual activity—
of course Mr. Jennings was not to blame.
“And what became of the man who stituck you?” she
asked,
“QO, well, my friends, and I had lots of ’em, talked about
lynchin’ him as soon as he got able to stand the racket; but
I wouldn’t have that. I wanted to ’tend to his case myself.
I sent him word I was campin’ right on his trail and “lowed
to drop him first chance I got. He knowed I meant what
I said, and so he sold out what stuff he had fer what he
could git, and pulled his freight.”
“Well, by thunder!” exclaimed Bill. And right here
Bill dropped his office of echo to Broncho Charlie and be-
came echo to the valiant and fearless new-comer. Even
though he plainly saw that Lat was laying siege to lola he
silently swore allegiance. But then Bill rather thought Gus
Waite had the start of him anyhow. A few moments be-
fore, Mary had been angry with Lat; then she became tol-
erant. Just now she saw great opportunity for amusement,
and was as much delighted as is a scientist who catches some
new and strange specimen of bug.
Here was a freshly caught specimen of humanity and she
would make the most of him. When the party retired to the
sitting-room, Mr. Jennings threw off his coat so that his nar-
rative powers might be unimpeded by any superfluous cloth-
ing. When dressing in the morning he had obscured that
portion of his red shirt that might be visible above his coat
