352 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
Ford caught the calf by a hind foot and brought him to his
knees. Bill Coffroth ran forward with the long bar, but as
he did so, the maddened dam charged the group. The three
involuntarily backed away. The creature had been worried
in the drive; she was at all times wild and spirited, and
this indignity to her offspring was more than her bovine
soul could brook. With lowered head and flashing eyes she
was charging Ike Bane. Bill Hammin turned his horse,
just as Ike instinctively unwound the rope that secured the
calf. Bill lengthened the loop in his riata, swung it round
his head, and cast it forward; the long noose. caught one of
her horns, closed upon itand slipped off. She turned, caught
sight of Bill Coffroth as he stood guarding the fire, charged
upon him, while Ike galloped out of reach, white and quak-
ing. Mose left his place in the cordon, spoke the word of
command and encouragement his mustang knew go well, and
cast his loug riata from his trembling fingers, The noose
passed the creature’s horns, and tightened upon her neck,
just as she was giving along and formidable forward plunge.
Just then Mose wore no glove; the taut rope in his hand
burned his palm, snatched the skin from his fingers, wrenched
his arm and shoulder, but did not escape; for he urged his
horse forward in the direction of the strain, although as he
did so his opposite foot left the stirrup and his light body
swayed in the saddle. Then like yellow-haired Custer
among his frenzied executio.ers—the spirit of progress and
light defying the brute force of stagnation, and darkness—
he caught his bridle reins between his teeth, so that his
hands might be his own for the struggle. Hastily. catching
the rope in both hands and urging his mustang forward at
a, run to loosen the tension, he wound it round hig saddle
horn just as the terrified Coffroth had fallen in his hurry
and fright.
“Shoot her! Shoot her!” came from a dozen throats at
once. But the brute was in such close. proximity to, the
lassoing and branding group that no one dared fire at her
for fear of killing.a man.
Mose quickly turned his horse, half choking the cow as
he did so. Perceiving in him a new adversary, she charged
him. His horse could run but a short distance without run-
ning into and stampeding the already terrified herd. But
succor. came. Gus Waite spurred away frem the cordon
and brought his horse to an abrupt standstill im front of the
infuriated creature, just as Kid, bare-headed, his white hair
