THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 205
ing heart, I dressed myself in my entire graduating outfit,
minus flowers. I wanted a small bunch of geraniums at my
throat, but Tom had previously requested me to wear none.
‘They might not hurt some girls, Mary,’ he had said, ‘but
your manner is a little too free anyhow, and you cannot be
too careful.’
“The party was at Judge Blinkers. I walked thither with
my cousins, and received enough excellent advice to rescue
all the wayward girls in Christendom, if advice would only
do that. Arrived at the house, we girls went up to the dress-
ing-room to rearrange our toilets before entering the crowded
parlors. I had dressed with the usual hurry and careless-
ness of seventeen, and when Nellie came to inspect my cos-
tume, she found that my collar was slightly awry. Nellie is
the paragon of perfection in our family, and I must admit
that she is a most excellent girl. But in all her girlhood she
had had the record of my faults so thoroughly rubbed into
her mind that she was inclined to exhibit impatience in re-
gard to them. So she, being in a hurry to join the merry
throng below, took hold of my collar and gave it a violent
jerk. This had the effect of pulling the twist out of my col-
lar, but it also broke my collar-pin. Nellie bade me learn to
dress myself, and hurried downstairs with the other girls. I
was left alone in my misfortune—and what misfortune is
greater than that of an incomplete toilet at a party? In
vain I tried to make the ruined bauble hold the lace together ;
then I sadly put it into my pocket, and going to the glass,
took a few pins from the paper and endeavored to subdue the
refractory collar. It was of no use, it would not look right,
and I was just getting ready to cry, when I heard a knock
at the door.
“ ¢ Come in, I said.
“Tt was tall, handsome, blue-eyed Ned Blinker, my some-
time idol among my classmates, aged eighteen.
“<¢T’ve looked all over the house for you, Mary,’ he said;
‘we are getting ready to play charades, and you are chosen
as leader of my side; come on.’
“Oh, Ned! I’ve got my collar-pin broken, and I can’t go
down at all,’ I answered.
“¢Pshaw! Just tie this round your neck, so the bouquet will
be where the collar-pin ought to be,’ and he threw me a ball
of tube roses, put together with fine wire and tied with a
long white satin ribbon. ‘I made it for you this afternoon,”
he went on; ‘mother was awful mad about those white
