DETECTION. 271
her as the jewel-eyed snake fascinates the fluttering bird.
The man was a short, heavy, black-haired, red-faced creature,
with short, thick fingers and wide, flat feet. He wore flashy
jewelry and greasy, black clothes. Slimy saliva and masti-
cated tobacco were discernible upon his short bushy black
whiskers. She knew his look and his smile of derision? she
had seen such looks often enough before. She turned her eyes
away as did Rebecca from the fagots that were to burn her.
Object? She was there to earn money for Mr. Albertson and
not to object to anything. ‘The dance was done now, and her
partner led her to the bar for her treat. In her broken Eng-
lish she ordered a full glass of raw whiskey. What if the
good nuns had said that the dear Jesus did not love drunk-
ards? She drained the glass to the last drop and in her reel-
ing stupor half breathed a prayer of thankfulness for drink.
Jennings taunted her for her love of liquor, and in her ris-
ing fury she madly cursed him, uttering with what seemed
the greatest readiness the most shocking blasphemy and
obscenity He went away, muttering to himself concerning
how much worse bad women are than bad men,

CHAPTER XXXI. an:
DETECTION.
Jim carefully noted the hour of Lat’s return. It was three
AM. Jim, not believing that nine hours were necessary to
a little interview with Mr. Lem Harcoot, was much confirmed
in his suspicions. Mary was so indignant that she declared
her inability to treat the man civilly at the breakfast table.
IIe came downstairs late. When he came to the table he
exhibited all the signs Jim had predicted. Jim had already
asked him if he had been to the dance-house. Jennings
indignantly denied his presence there, telling Jim at the
same time what a vast number of low, vile wretches he had
seen on the road. They had been “yelling, howling, and
acting thoroughly like the abandoned creatures they were.”
Jim told Mary before the company sat down to table to give
the accused the benefit of the doubt; he would find out ina
few days at most, and he begged her to be civil until they
were sure. -
