140 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“ Singin’ ’bout me ?” asked the new-comer, as he tilted
his chair back.
“QO, no,” said Mary innocently. “Is that your name?”
“Tt’s what they call me;” said the gentleman loftily.
“But it ain’t my name. My name’s Jennings—Latshaw A.
Jennings—the A is for Aurelius—Latshaw Aurelius Jen-
nings is my full name, but round where I’ve worked they
generally call me Sammie. At home they mostly called me
Lat.”
“O, that song I was singing,” explained Mary, “is part
of a campaign song I once wrote when I was local editor of
a paper. It’s a parody on a beautiful poem.”
“So you’ve been an editor then? Well that’s a little in
my line, too. Me and a friend used to run a paper called
The Howling Blizzard back in Quinine Center, the town I
come from. I tell you nobody but an editor knows any-
thing about what an editor’s got to put up with. Did you
like the trade ?”
“ Yes, very well; but my salary was small, I could earn
more teaching school.”
“T used to teach, too. Had a state license in Kansas
when I left there. But teachin’ was too confinin’ for me.
I’ve got to have my liberty.” And Mr. Jennings waved
his arms gracefully. Mary made no reply to this and Mr.
3 ennings remarked that it was quite a long walk to Milroy
ity.
“Tt was probably shortened, though, by the expectation of
meeting some fair lady,” said Mary, feeling that such a re-
mark would please him and considering the presence of a
hot-house flower upon the lapel of his coat as grounds for
believing there might be such a lady friend. She was right.
Mr. Jennings could not hide the gratification in his face.
But as he smiled out his pleasure, he said :
“You must think I get girls ina hurry. I’ve only been
’round Milroy ten days.”
“O, some folks are swift at forming friendships, ” she
replied.
“Tm pretty sudden myself,” said Mr. Jennings, as he
rose, took the flower from his coat and gracefully gave it to
Tola. The girl turned a vivid scarlet, but not knowing what
else to do, she accepted the flower. Mary was so overcome
by the turn affairs had taken that it was necessary for her
to go into the kitchen to get Bertie a piece of bread. She
had a long, quiet laugh, where Tola could sce her, but safely
