270 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
dance-house, never free from tobacco and whiskey smells,
where the fiddles wearily groaned forever and ever, where
men cursed and talked foully, and where women reveled by
night and alternately quarreled and cursed and slept by day.
Music and dancing, kisses and love, had all become disgust-
ingly tiresome and vile.
But the jangling about places was becoming louder. She
looked up. So many men. And but eight women. And
these men so different in rank, too. The young gentleman
in the gold eye-glasses yonder would not sit down at table
with that drunken miner; yet both were willing to possess
her body in common. But the dance was beginning now.
She caught her partner’s hand and dreamed no more till the
figure was done. When it was done her partner addressed
her. She looked up, for she could understand some English,
now. He laid his hand upon her bare shoulder and clenched
his fingers upon her flesh. His hand was foul with dirt and
perspiration, and at the ends of his nails were wide black
semicircles. She remembered how careful the good nuns
used to require her to be with her nails. She did not like
her partner’s familiarity ; then he began to twist his lips at
her and breathe beer fumes in her face. There was free beer
at the opening, and Mr. Jennings had been making the most
of it. Eulalia dropped her eyes. He was not like Pierre,
and she cared to look no longer. Sometimes she romped and
jested with her partners; but to-night she was not in a play-
ful mood. The dance started and she was busy with her life
work until the next pause.
Mr. Jennings was evidently enjoying himself. He, to-
gether with Mr. Lem Harcoot and Mr. Clarence Henri Ells-
worth, seemed to be running the dancing: Mr. Jennings
would go through the figures in a series of long, high jumps,
at the same time giving vent to numberless long-drawn yells
that echoed throughout the room. As the music stopped he
became so full of chaste enjoyment that he began to execute
a vigorous little dance all by himself.
“T’m a coyote from the alkali meadows of the bad lands,
and this is my night to howl!” he screamed as he jumped up
and down in the middle of the quadrille. It was very digni-
fied, and could Emma Chase have seen it she might possibly
have been charmed still further. However, he attracted but
little of his partner’s attention. She had seen such gentle-
inen and such orgies too often before. Besides, another man
had been watching her who fascinated her far more; fascinated
