262 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
It was rumored that there were a baker’s dozen of male
children from the ages of fourteen to seventeen who for a
time helped to make things prosperous for the medical fra-
ternity, that a score of foolish women allowed their hearts to
be broken, that several matrimonial engagements were broken
off, that there was some mysterious invalidism, and that the
families of several workingmen were considerably shortened
in their feed. But what did these things matter so long as
Mrs. Tompkins got her parlor organ, Mrs. Albertson retained
her five hired girls and kept her children in school, and Mr.
Albertson’s finances were inflated? When we come to con-
sider that for every broken-hearted woman, and young man
mysteriously visiting a city where highly reputed doctors
sojourn, the Albertsons could have a few days at the cooling
ocean shore, we can see the reason for such slight sacrifice.
It is claimed by some that aristocracy started in fun, but that
now that we have it with us we must maintain it at any cost.
Then people who object to such institutions must remember
that they thereby censure the government; that is a serious
affair and they must beware how they approach it. If they
happen to be in a fault-finding mood let them turn their at-
tention to Utah, where the cits are all rough; or to New
Mexico, where the dark-skinned descendants of Cortez and
his Indian wives are universally tough. Why, in the latter
abandoned region the benighted Mestezos actually assert that
the women have the same right to live vilely that the men
have!!! In this land of boasted equality it is well that such
@ vicious doctrine meet with all possible discouragement.
Now Mr. Latshaw A. Jennings—the A. standing and
being for Aurelius—had well-nigh despaired of the capitula-
tion of Mrs. Madnau. He had so often believed that the
era was approaching only to find it still hopelessly distant,
that he was losing his cheer. He had so long dreamed over
her dreamy beauty, and permitted his blood to boil at
memory of her fits of sprightliness; had so often wondered
whether he might not by some chance knock Jim in the head
and fly with the widow, or fly with the wife without the
dangerous and risking proceeding of knocking Jim in the
head, capturing her with the look of a revolver—for he could
never do by its action—that he was in considerable pertur-
bation. He decided to go down to the dance-house on the
evening of the grand opening. Here he might perhaps find
a lady who for a time at least might lift his thoughts from the
heartless, ungrateful and unappreciative Mary. He engaged
