THE COWBOY AS ROMANCER.
THE ROMANCE OF PERILOUS CAVE.
THEME.
We will tell you now a story of a knight in chaps and spurs,
Whose record as a vaquero no dark dishonor blurs;
We will tell you all the story of his labors and his pains—
His trade was riding round-ups, and pulling bridle reins,
SCENE,
The Centennial State with its wonders of highland,
Its far reaching parks and its picturesque hills,
Where the rarefied air and the generous sunlight,
The spirit of health and of beauty distils,
With its cloud embraced peaks in their snow and ice tunics
Where frost-laden wind sprites unceasingly rave,
Conceals ’neath high rocks near its hill-broken center,
A dark, gloomy cavern called Perilous Cave.
THE VISITING PARTY.
(Gus. Waite.)
To this dark cave one September day an Eastern quartet came
Their minds athirst for knowledge hunted scientific game.
They were all well schooled in Latin, and in Greek and algebr
And for them the Euclid forty-seven was merely baby play.
They could give you Roman history since Remus was a boy,
And the story of the wooden horse that fixed the fate of Troy.
They knew that Grecian Homer was a poet grand and true,
And that the fuss at Granicus antedated Waterloo.
But these were not the only facts that stored their mental cup
They were skilled in the great American game that is kno
seven-up.
Two ladies and two gentlemen composed the party brave
That rode out that September day to visit Perilous Cave,
The fairest and most learned of this erudite quartet
Who hunted scientific facts was Delia Somerset;
A maid of queenly bearing, who came of lineage high,
With the spirit of her Mayflower kin in a dark and flashing ey
THE COWGIRL SADDLE.
(Mary.)
When this party called at the barn of Jake Lunn,
The ladies’ light saddles were all out but one.
But said Jake, ‘‘ Here’s a saddle that beats all the rest;
’Tis a new cowgirl saddle, ‘ The Pride of the West.’ ”
Said Delia, ‘‘ That saddle for this trip is mine;
I’m hunting new wonders; it’s right in my line.’”’
When Jake brought out the saddle the maid raised her hands,
So astonished was she at its strings, straps and bands,
