88 TUE ADMINISTRATRIX.
the creek here and won’t skirt it again for two miles. Wanta
drink ?”
“ Yes, please.”
It was some consolation to make this man wait upon her
anyhow. This time she drank from the hat brim without a
word. They were out of the cafion and upon an open park.
There was here better opportunity for riding abreast, and the
party gathered into two groups, with the Kid between as
connecting link. The conversation became general and Mary
and Jim were alone together no more that evening.
CHAPTER X.
STILL STRANGER EVENTS.
Mary’s school improved under her careful and spirited man-
agement ; the bright, ambitious, gladsome faces that met her
every morning were to her an inspiration and a cheer. Each
little life represented to her power for good or ill, for happiness
orfor infinite suffering. The little that she could do to temper
the strong, to encourage the timid, to strengthen the weak
among her little band, she did. She was getting quite well
acquainted with Jim Madnau; she still resolved to punish
him, but had decided in her own mind to make the punish-
ment less severe than she had at first intended. She was
using the book lore plan now, but it seemed less successful
thanformerly. Jim was quite willing to listen, but he was not
satisfied with what she related. He thirsted for knowledge.
His opportunities had been poor, and now that he had an
opportunity he resolved to make the most of it. So on the
evening when Mary began to talk star, Jim proposed to go
out and see where all these wonders were located. So Mary
and Mrs. Hogan donned cloaks and hoods and the gentlemen
put on their hats, and all went out into the night. There
was no moon; only frost and chill and starlight. Mary
pointed out and explained, and Jim became enthusiastic ;
he had her recite Newton’s law several times for fear he might
forget part of it, and tell over again the number of moons
each planet displayed. He asked questions until the con-
fident student began to fear for her ability to answer. He
went on until the Hogans succumbed to the chill and entered
