260 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
had been teaching her marksmanship. She cleaned and
loaded it. Then she brought it forward in the presence of
the men, saying with a rare smile over a strangely white face,
“ Kill some rabbits for me if you get a chance.”
He looked wonderingly at her, but let her fasten the strap
round his body.
“ Mary,” he said, when the men had left the dining-room,
“a cowman hasn’t any business carrying a gun.”
“ Not as a general thing, I admit,” she replied; “but the
time has come, Jim, for you to go armed. Lancaster and
Coffroth are angry about the water all the time, and together
with this trouble, you don’t know what they may try to do.
If you’d see Lancaster trying to brand some of your stock or
run them off into the mountains, I know just what you’d do.
Youd get angry, as of course you’d have a right to do, and
no matter how much the odds were against you, you’d forget
there was such a thing as caution. So please wear the
revolver until I give you permission to take i off.”
And what knight, armed in such fashion by such a lady,
would have done otherwise than press her to his breastplate
and to his lips? And if the knight’s breastplate be a buck-
skin shirt, his helmet a sombrero, his greaves and gauntlets
of leather instead of iron, his banner the kerchief about his
neck, will his safe return from adventure be the less desired
by her who bound on his arms ?

CHAPTER XXIX.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Ir is the generally accepted theory that there is always
motive for movement; that the inertia possessed by us all is
too great to be disturbed unless some powerful motor be
applied. The motors known as hunger, desire, ambition,
revenge, interest, emulation, and occasionally even pity for
others, set humanity going and keep it restlessly alert. The
motor which set Mr. Eph Tompkins in motion was interest.
Mr. Tompkins lived near the mining camp of Cedar Ridge.
His ranche, though capable of giving himself and family
bread in plenty was not sufficiently profitable to please him.
His children wanted new clothes to make them look as fine
as the children of Mr. Joseph Chams, the principal saloon-
