SOMETHING NEW. 145
“Why, were you sheriff?” asked Mary, in unfeigned sur-
rise.
“Yes; they’d jest organized Sancho county and they ap-
pointed me to act as sheriff till the time fer the ‘lection.
Then they asked me if they might use my name and I told
’em they might. I was ’lected, and served two years. Well, as
I was goin’ to tell you, they was four fellers, and they was
known as the worst men on the border, rode right into
Quinine Center in broad daylight and rode up to the bank
and shot the cashier dead and got all the loose change they
could, and pulled their freight. The officers took ’em in,
and at night a lot of us concluded we’d take ’em out. We
got ropes all ready to hang ’em and then we went to the jail
and demanded ’em. Of course the sheriff wouldn’t let us
have ’em—”
“ But I thought you were the first sheriff of that county,”
said Mary, as if she wanted all the intricate points cleared.
A wave of trouble crossed Lat’s brow.
“That’s another county,” he hastily explained, “ Quinine
Center is in Barbadoes county. Well, as soon as the sheriff
told us that, we commenced to beat down the doors. When
we got ’em open them bank robbers knowed they was dead
men if they stayed there, so they jest lit out and run right
through the crowd and broke for the woods that growed ina
ravine there. The crowd commenced shootin’ at ’em, and
one shot that was pretty close set Duck Humbold’s vest
afire. It made the purtiest target I ever seen. I jest
dropped on one knee and let ’em have all that was in my
Winchester. The crowd follered’em into the ravine, shootin’
at everything ahead they could see movin’. We found ’em
all dead but Duck Humbold, and he couldn't a possibly lived
till mornin’. He asked if I was in the crowd and when I
stepped forward he told me that he wanted me to have a pair
of gold-mounted revolvers he’d left in his room at his boardin’
lace. Well, that feller jest begged ’em not to hang him, as
e knowed he’d die ’fore mornin’, anyhow. But it wa’nt any
any use. They strung him up.”
“ And why was he so fond of you?” asked Mary.
“Well, you see they was atime when Duck was a good
feller. . We’d been cowboys together, and Duck was as good
a cowboy as ever I saw, why he ever got started wrong, I
don’t know.”
“And did you get out of all those dreadful adventures,
and only get wounded once?”
