BUT THE VAQUERO I8 ROPED. 115
old, and I’ll have to have some one to look after me. I guess
I'll marry her.”
‘« How do you know you can get her?”
“ O, no danger about that. These girls all come out here
to marry. ’Most anybody can get ’em.”’
“ T shouldn’t want a girl that ’most anybody could get.”
“O, well, I don’t mean just that. I mean they’ll all take
a reasonably good chance. She’ll be no trouble for me to
catch.”
“ Of course you’re above the weakness of being in love with
her,” said Jim, in a voice rendered hoarse by contempt.
“QO, ve been in love with lots of women, Jim, in my
way. But Mary will do me very well. She’s educated, and
makes a good appearance. Then I know she’s virtuous,
too.”
“ How do you know?”
“ O, well, the other evening I just thought I’d test her a
little. I wouldn’t marry any woman I hadn’t tested, you
know. SoTI grabbed her, and tried to kiss her—ha, ha—
and she just flew all to pieces, and abused me like a pirate—
ha, ha. Of course I got her in a good humor again, but I
saw she wouldn’t stand any fooling.” °
“ And if she had tested you, Stan, how then? Would she
have found you overloaded with virtue?” asked Jim, in a
tone that almost strained hospitality.
“ Ha, ha! Why, Jim, you put the shoe on the wrong foot
altogether. Sometimes I half believe you’re in love with her
yourself.”
“ Well, my love won’t stain a woman, anyhow,” said Jim,
as if in deep contemplation. “ But go ahead, Stan; invite
me to your wedding, and I'll dance with the bride,” and Jim
seemed to be trying hard to get the concern out of his voice.
“ All right, Jim. Well, I’m comfortable now. I guess
Tl be going. So long.”
“ So long.”
There were steps across the floor, and then a door was
closed. Mary rose from the machine, and opening the door,
passed out. Her face was reddening and paling by turns.
She paused at the door, and when Jim looked up she said,
resolutely :
“JT was in that little room fixing the sewing-machine, and
I heard all that was said. I ought to have spoken, but IT
could not,”
