AN UNINTENDED MEETING. 383
“ Fleming.”
“Miss Fleming. She come down to fix the machine that
had got out of shape, and show me how to run it; and she’s
done it mighty well; I’m sure I don’t know how she’s to
git her pay.”
Mary resolved to escape. She announced that it was al-
ready past the time for her to be at home; she donned her
hat and began drawing on her gloves. She replied to Mrs.
Hopkins’s numerous invitations to come again, and stepped
to the door. Her hero stepped toward her and without the
least embarrassment, but with evident concern, said:
“ It’s getting near dusk, do you object to an escort?”
Why should she object? To besure the acquaintance was
short, but what impropriety was there in walking away un-
der the protection of such a knight ? “Certainly not,” she
answered. Together they walked down the road chatting
of the minor things that serve to amuse young people who
wish to remain in each other's company. They talked of
things that in themselves interested neither and laughed at
remarks that in print would have wearied them. Mary bade
her escort adieu at the gate and went into the house with
the memory of the admiring eyes swelling within her, and
with that long, smooth, delightful laugh rippling in her ears.
There was but one thing to annoy her: as she left the Hop-
kins’s door she looked over her shoulder, and there, bent up-
on her, almost fiercely regarding her and her companion, as
they walked away, were the eyes of that hated, feared, dread-
ed vaquero. She entered the house making furious mental
vows for revenge. She decided not to mention the escort
home; she feared Mr. Hogan’s teasing tongue. The old
couple were just sitting down to supper.
“Well; you made a pretty good long stay of it, Jim
must a been there after all.”
“He was,” said Mary in a quiet tone and with a rare
smile. She thought that if she met the old man half-way
he might be more merciful.
“ And did you get the old lady’s machine to sewing all
right ?”? asked Mrs. Hogan, determined if possible to check
her husband’s levity.
“Oh yes, it works beautifully. It is a good machine.”
“T’m glad to hear that ;” said the old man, determined
not to be crowded out. “Dan Hopkins and his wife has
seen mighty hard lines, and when Dan come and told me
what he did about the machine not workin’, thinks I Dan’s
