346° THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
And cowardly Tom Samp; could she soil her hands with
him ?
It was the night before the beginning of the roundup.
The Circle Bar was running over with men. The room was
reeking with tobacco smoke, for at least half a dozen of the
men were indulging in the weed. Mose, half sickened by
the fumes, sat in the door, with the cool October breeze
blowing upon him. The time was when he would not have
remained in a draft; but after to-morrow, how would it affect
him? But suddenly he remembered; there must be no
diminution of his strength to-morrow. There must be no
heavy head nor aching eyes. He rose and went to the fire.
Lancaster and the two Talberts were present, so as to be
ready for an early start into the hills in the morning. J.C.
Talbert would be there by noon of the next day. Ike had
just finished reading Eugene Aram; he sat with his hand
shading his eyes. He now and then stole miserable glances
at Mose as if he wanted to pour out his wretched soul to
him. And Mose looked at him in pity, wondering just what
would be justice in such a case. Stanley stood talking to
Jennings and the two Talberts, laughing ever and anon,
O, so softly. Griff Henry and Hank Sands were shuffling
a pack of cards.
“Come and play cut-throat, Mose,” said Griff.
“Too tired,” said Mose, as he gazed at fearful visions in
the fire.
“Say, Mose, you’ve about quit looking for those fellows
that were coming after you, eh, haven’t you? Ha, ha, ha,”
said Stanley.
Mose looked at him vacantly for a moment, then said:
“We can never tell what’s comin’, nor when.”
“Say, Mose, forget her and be happy, like me,” said Jen-
nings.
Are you happy ?” asked Mose, carelessly.
“Sometimes. But cherk up, Mose, and give us a song.”
“What kind of a song do you want ?”
‘Something sweet, and not too short, Mose.”
“No; a war song,” said Rocky Mountain Bill.
“Give us somethin’ sweet and solemn, Mose,” said Ike.
“Well, I'll try; I’m in a kind of a solemn mood to-night
I’m tired. That mustang of mine has got to jumpin’ stiff
legged. I used to like this song; it is called,
