110 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
holding her head high. It was no disgrace, certainly, she
agreed with Mary, to be the child of a woman who had taken
in washing; but then such people were looked down on;
there was no denying that.
“ But Amy goes about with him,” faltered Mary.
“O, yes; out here in the country it don’t matter. She
just goes with him for company’s sake.”
“T have seen better educated men that were not near so
honest, sensible and good,” said Mary, in a voice that was
just audible.
“O, that’s likely because you don’t know him,” said Mrs.
Chellis, witha beaming smile. “ IIe was out in Nevada two
years; there’s no telling what he did while he was out
there.”
Mary wanted to say that she believed decency possible,
even in Nevada, but her voice died; she bent low over her
pan of raisins in silence for what seemed to her a long time.
Then she rallied.
“ Don’t you believe a man’s real nature, if it’s very bad,
will come out at some time during seven years?” she
asked.
“No, indeed; not near always; I’ve known people behave
themselves the best kind for years, and then break out. I
*low the reason Jim keeps so still is because he’s done some-
thing terrible out in Nevada, and don’t want to get his name
in the papers here, for fear they’ll find out where he is.”
“But he does get his name in the papers. I saw the other
day a local calling him the best cattle man in the valley.”
“‘ Well, if he’s done anything bad out there, of course they
wouldn’t think it was the same man, unless he got his name
in the paper for some kind ofa scrape here. I ‘low if they’d
hear of him behaving himself, they’d think it wasn’t the
same man. Now Mr. Lancaster is a nice young man, and
his mother is just as kind as she can be. You could marry
him, now, and settle down and be a neighbor of ours. You’re
a stranger here, and I’d hate to see you throw yourself away.
Mr. Hogan won’t do to listen to; he’s a good enough old
man, as far as that goes, but then he thinks there’s nobody
but Jim. He don’t think Jim’s got a fault in the world.”
Mary did not reply to this harangue. The ability to suffer
was left, and she suffered. All the old sickening doubts of
men rushed back upon her and she cowered beneath their
fearful weight. She felt that though her love must die at
the discovery of crime and deceit in her loved one, its grin-
