292 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
they got out of anything else to talk about, how they’d fooled
girls back in the States and left ’em to be shamed and kicked
round. I didn’t have no sech story to tell and they kinder
chaffed me. Well, Missus, ’tain’t no use runnin’ off on a side
trail. If you’ll believe me, I listened to them devils till I’d
done for that little gal that loved me so well. She come to
me one day with a white, scared face, and fell down on her
knees cryin’ and askin’ me to save her and her child from
bein’ disgraced. But I’d got to be the Devil’s own brother.
I jest laughed at her and called her a simpleton, and then I
left the country.
“Well, Missus, I had somethin’ to brag about then, but
somehow it didn’t seem to satisfy me much. Every time I’d
go to tell about it I’d see that little scared face and them
rainin’ tears, and the more I’d tell the plainer I’d see, till
finally when I was laughin’ the loudest over it, ’d mighty
nigh break up in a scream. Then I got to dreamin’ of
seein’ her wanderin’ round carryin’ a little shiverin’ baby,
and then I didn’t try to hold down my job nolonger. I went
to the boss and got my pay and left off huntin’ steers to
hunt my child and she that before God was my wife. Well
Missus, it took a good while. I went back to the town
where I’d left Salina, and there I heered that she’d took her
child as soon as it was two weeks old and lit out, though the
weather was freezing cold. I follered her to Hartwell, a little
town where I’d heered she was livin’ a life of sin. She’d
gone, but I kept follerin’ her. She’d tuck to hard drinkin’ —,
so the folks told me, and was tryin’ to get jest as far as
possible from her old home. Every time she’d git a little
money saved from her drinkin’ and her necessary close, she’d
buy a railroad ticket and gether her child and put. I fol-
lered clear through Kansas and into this here State fore I
found her.
“O Missus, I'll never forget that night. They’s a kind of
horror mixed with a God-thankin’ joy that wont never wear
out. I came into L City in the eastern part of this State.
They was two dance-houses there. I went to one and in-
quired for Salina. They knowed her, but she belonged at
the other one. It was winter again and the snow blowed in
my face so I couldn’t hardly find my way. But I kept fol-
lerin’ up the gangs of men till finally I got there. She
wa’n’t in. She’d took her child and gone down town ’bout
two hours before. They ‘lowed I’d find her at some of the
s’loons. Then I got on their trail and follered’em up till ’d

