PECULIARITIES OF THE TENDERFOOT. 65
riding. Poor Mary fairly gasped as she looked up, for Miss
Chellis was like some fabulous creation of light. Her blue
eyes shone like gems, reminding Mary that hers were dark
and dreamy; the arrangement of her yellow hair was a per-
fect mystery of braids and curls, reminding Mary that her
own was dark, and she just now remembered it, most unbe-
comingly dressed; her pearly cheeks reminded Mary that
hers were not only dark by nature, but sunburned. She
was rather short and just plump enough to be a fine figure,
reminding Mary that she was slight and thin. Then her
clothes! She wore a low-cut blue silk dress, heavily adorned
with white lace; on her feet were white kid slippers. She
walked to the bed and laid off a blue velvet mantle lined
with white fur. She turned and walked to the glass with-
out noticing the one occupant of the room, and stood a mo-
ment arranging the little curls on her forehead and the tube-
roses upon her bosom; then the silvery voice—with a little
affectation in it, Mary thought—rang out, “ All ready.” A
few heavy footfalls and at the door stood Jim Madnau. Yes,
Jim Madnau, in faultless black coat and vest, light trousers,
and with a tube rose-upon the lapel of his coat. Not a trace
of the cowboy suit, but the blue eyes, the intense glance
were there. Would he notice her? He looked at her
sharply, then blushed, bowed and said, “ Miss Fleming, good-
evening.” She perceived that embarrassment had caused
him to pronounce her name before the greeting.
“ Good-evening,” she replied.
She thought he had opened his lips to speak again, but
Miss Chellis took his arm and said gaily:
“ Let’s go; I’m ready,” and Mary was left alone again.
The music rose high and full below, and the voices of the
callers and the tramp of merry feet rang clear upon her ears.
She went out and looked down again; the hall was still full
of men looking in at the mczry-makers in the rooms on either
side, for two quadrilles were dancing. She returned and sat
down; the dancing would go on all night, and there she
must remain alone and forgotten. How disagreeable the
rich Chases and the aristocratic Chellises were! How like
her Uncle Bluecut’s family the whole world was! And that
handeome Lancaster ; where were he and his devotion ? And
Jim Madnau, the incarnation of all that was diabolical, he
knew she was up there alone and forsaken. And his super-
cilious lady, Amy Chellis, who had almost brushed against
her and not noticed her. Such clothes for a country ball!
