274 THE ADMINISTRATRIX,
acter, that she bade him dismiss the subject from his mind ;
she told him, however, that she must still insist upon a care-
ful investigation; she must have Jim attend to it at once
so that the stigma might be removed from the name of a
member of her household. Of course Jennings agreed to
this; he could prove by fifteen or twenty men that he was
not present at the dance-house; he would bring them over
that very evening. But Mary received Jim’s warning look
and told the accused that there was no reason for such haste.
It was evident that Jim preferred to investigate in his own
peculiar fashion.
Lat drew Jim out of the house and told him how ready he
was to go over and set the dance-house on fire; it was a dis-
grace to the county and ought to be destroyed; the only
cleansing its lost, abandoned, foul inmates could ever receive
must come through fire; he knew just how it ought to be
done; get a sack filled with cotton-batting saturated with
turpentine, have a bag of powder in the center, put a fuse to
the powder bag, light the fuse, put the sack under the den of
iniquity, and then run. Jim objected to this method; he
feared some of the women might be killed; he saw no reason
why the gentlemanly proprietor who had an office outside,
and the male visitors should not be the ones to receive the
bulk of the punishment in case any were meted out. But
Mr. Jennings assured him that the bad, loathsome, foul,
filthy women were the ones who ought to be scorched. And
then Jim thought of Mr. Jennings’s plan to get possession of
his land and his sister-in-law, and could not help but believe
that his desire to destroy the dance-house might be connected
therewith.
When the men had all left the room, Mary said to Iola:
“Tola, ’m afraid you talk too plain. I know that Jen-
nings, if he is guilty, needs to be persecuted. But it was a
little bold to speak out the way you did before all the men.”
“Humph ! I don’t see why I should be ashamed to men-
tion any place that is approved and protected by law,” said
the young lady.
“ But then society considers such mention questionable.”
“T thought you disregarded society and stood for truth,
Mary. And besides, if Jennings had heard of me going to
any such place, he would have been quick enough to throw it
up to me. He’d have humiliated me all he could. I can’t see
why I haven’t the same right he has.”
“QO you have every natural right, Iola, No thinking
