THE MYSTERIES OF COWBOYISM. 49
cow, and then it won’t follow her any longer. As long
as it runs right with her, people can tell who it belongs to—
that is, if the cow’s branded. But if it comes down out of the
hills and gets rounded-up after it gets separated from its
mother, nobody can tell who it belongs to, and so it don’t get
branded, and stays a maverick. You see the name’s got to
be general.” Jim, after this strong exertion to make dark
things clear, took off his hat and mopped his face and head
with his hip pocket-kerchief. But Mary was not satisfied.
She had eaten a heavy dinner, and she had lost the handsome
Stanley ; she was slightly irritable and very curious.
“ What becomes of the mavericks ?” she asked.
“ Well, they belong to the state—so the laws say. But
when the round-up’s in camp, and they find a good fat one,
it generally shares the fate of old man Maverick himself. It
dies suddenly.”
“ And the men eat it ?”
“ Yes; you ate some for dinner.”
“ We—Il.”
“ You see, we know that some of the cattlemen lost ’em,
and so we think the cattlemen have a right to eat ’em, as long
as they’re all agreed. Now, if one fellow would get ’em up
and brand ’em for himself, he’d be stealing from some of the
rest: but when we all sit down together and eat one of ’em,
we’re all served alike.”
“Ye—s.” And Mary fell to studying the buckskin suit.
She wanted to know about it, but she feared she had already
taxed her companion’s patience. She reddened, and cleared
her throat.
“If you're not tired to death of my questions,” she said,
“ Td like to know about that suit. I never saw anything
like it before.”
“This? 0, it’s just buckskin.”
“ Yes, I thought so. But why don’t the other men wear
buckskin too? Nearly all the rest have ordinary clothes—
mostly.”
“Well, you see I came here when this part of the country
was new. There were only three settlers on Trelawna be-
sides Mr. Hogan. Deer were as thick as rabbits in these
hills, and the first winter I was here I killed one hundred
and fifty.”
“Oh—oh! What did you do with them ? ”
“JT skinned.’em, and saved the hides. Once in a while
T’'d take a quarter home to eat,”
