THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 201
“Grandma was a strong patron of industry; she believed
that all little girls should wash dishes three times aday. I
was not lazy at any time and like many other children found
my muscles supplied with unusual energy when away from
home. I was willing enough to wash dishes, but they were
unfortunate in my hands; the attraction of gravitation was
certain to prove too much for me and the dishes would drop
and break. Now there was a strong idea regnant in grandma’s
bosom and an equally strong one in mine. Grandma believed
in crockery preservation, and I was a resolute advocate of self-
protection. Grandma used her walking stick and pear tree
switches to enforce the former idea, and I adopted the expe-
dient of hiding the pieces and telling fibs in support of the
latter. ‘Then grandma had an orchard, and how I did love to
climb trees; my dresses would catch and tear and then there
would be more fib-telling and whipping. My reputation for
veracity was utterly ruined.
“Grandma at last having well-nigh denuded her pear trees
of their smaller and more pliable limbs on my account, told
Aunt Sallie that there was no hope for me and that she, for
one, would wash her hands of me.
“But Aunt Ellen still tried; she still insisted that I should
spend an occasional week at her house, and endeavored to im-
press upon my mind that association with her children might
soften my rugged temper and teach me truth. With Grand-
ma my want of veracity was my worst fault, but with Aunt
Ellen the case was reversed; my habit of telling falsehoods
was of course bad; but association with her children might
cure me of that. But ‘that terrible temper’ would certainly
land me in deep and stinging disgrace—the gallows for
aught she knew, unless she was unusually active—and keep-
ing her word, especially concerning whippings, I became
quite reluctant about accompanying her. Aunt Sallie at last
came to my rescue and took a firm stand in my favor; she
decided that I should visit round no more. Dear, good woman!
she knew that the child who was being brought up by every-
body could only come to sorrow and disgrace.
«“¢#illen,’ she said, ‘Mary is a good girl when she is with
me; she neither loses her temper nor tells falsehoods. Tintend
that in future she shall stay with me.’ How I silently
blessed Aunt Sallie and resolved, way down in the depths of
my wicked little heart, to be a better girl! But Aunt Ellen
was stupefied; it was the first time that her mild, kind-
hearted sister-in-law had ventured to oppose her, and for the
