166 THE ADMINISTRATRIYX.
complacently; he’d have Jim Madnau fearfully jealous
one of these days. “But the most fun I ever had out of
a bet was one I madeonce with my girl. We was out buggy
ridin’ and I stole a bow of ribbon from her. I was goin’ out
cowboyin' next day, and expected to be gone a good while. 1
asked her to let me take the ribbon along to remember her
by. She said she wouldu’t care, only she knew I’d give it to
the first girl I took a notion to. I offered to bet her a dollar
against a kiss that I’d bring it back with me when I come.
She took me up. Well I was gone two years. When I
come back, she’d got to be a school-teacher. I went to her
school-house one mornin’ and waited till I seen her comin’.
Then I went to meet her, holdin’ the ribbon up between my
fingers. She let on like she wanted to beg off, but I sure
kissed her all the same.”
Mary rose from the table, her face pallid save for the
dangerous red spot on either cheek. Jim had been men-
tally calculating how much his beef cattle would bring per
head if sold on foot, and had not noted the latest drift of the
table talk. But when he saw the agitated face and heaving
breast of his wife he became alarmed.
“ Are you sick, Mary ?” he hastily asked.
“No,” she said, in a voice heavily fraught with rising in-
dignation, “I’m dead.” Then she walked majestically out
of the room and sought her chamber. Jim followed her as
soon as the breakfast crowd dispersed. He found her lying
on the bed, white and angry.
He knelt and placed her head on his arm, but asked re-
proachfully: “Mary, what made you do the way you did?”
“What makes him sit at the table and talk like he was
Pompey, and the women nothing but a set of ninepins ?”
she demanded.
“ Well, I expect the women he has been used to, were soft.
Such fellows naturally hunt that kind. You know there
are women, Mary, that haven’t a particle of self-will, or
judgment, or strength. But don’t treat him rude in your
own house, and at your own table, Mary.
“But Jim, every once in a while he touches my fingers
when I hand him a cup of coffee or a glass of milk.”
“Well, that may be accident; it can’t help but happen
sometimes. But your fingers belong to me, and it’s me that
ought to kick.”
“Well, I wish you would—wish you'd kick him out of the
house. It seems to me that it happens too often for ac-
cident.”

