252 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
always. Now if such fellows as Sammie here would marry
the kind of women they run to the dance houses to see ”
“T’d rather go down to my grave,” said Lat, in a heavy,
solemn voice; then adding still more gravely: “Even if I
was low down enough myself to marry such a creature, I
wouldn’t disgrace the family by doin’ anything of the sort.”
“ Birth sometimes brings worse people into families than
marriage does,” said Gus. .
Now it chanced that right here Bill picked up courage
to make a remark without any assistance whatever. His
remark was, that by closely observing the social workings
back yonder, he had discovered that if a woman were just
good and “innercent ” she would reap all the happiness any
woman deserved.
“Innocence never yet protected a creature,” said Gus,
shortly.
“Of course it hasn’t; it don’t. It can’t,” said Kid.
“What’s the use of talking to people in a language they
can’t understand? What’s the good of talking Greek toa
Hottentot, showing a pitching broncho a copy of the Bible,
or parading innocence before a villain? Dower protects.
Innocence sacrifices thousands every year. Look at the
peaceful Acadians, the unresisting Quakers; did innocence
save them? One ounce of determined resistance will beget
respect and favor where infinitudes of innocence is down-
trampled and scorned. Let innocence indeed remain sin-
less if you will: but put the sword of citizenship in its hand
and the stamp of equality upon its brow.” Aud Kid kicked
a cloud of sand into the river as if he believed he had said
a good thing that ought to be followed by some sort of a
stir.
Lat rose from the ground, stretched himself and put on
his hat. The sun had already set.
“The ground’s gettin’ cold. I’m goin’ back to the
ranche,” he said.
G “ Better cool yourself off while you’ve got a chance,” said
us.
“Yes, and if you don’t happen to have twenty-five dol-
lars about your clothes to buy a Texas cow, you might go
up to the house and give Mrs. Mad a little of your soft talk,”
suggested Kid.
L “When you get older you'll have more sense,” retorted
at.
“Have you got older?” asked Kid, as a parting shot.

