72 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
which terminated on the east at the end of the second mile of
the three-mile strip. It was on a little park at the base of
the hills, half a mile south of the creek. There was another
school-house below the Rise, but no other church; the citizens
of Trelawna, in order to worship, must either come to Calvary
or go to Milroy City. Services were once in a@ great while
held at the school-house below the Rise, but in general the
settlers preferred to assemble at the church.
Colonel Chellis was elected superintendent and Lucy Chase
secretary. Mary was installed as teacher of a class of boys
from about thirteen to fifteen years of age, many of them her
day pupils. The programme was quite interesting, but the
distressing cough of Colonel Chellis almost brought tears to
Mary’s eyes. After the dismissal, Stanley met her at the
door. and inquired if he would be badly in the way beside
her. Receiving a negative answer, he took her Bible and
stored it in his breast pocket. Then she looked round and
saw—but why should she enumerate the times she was put to
the rack? Miss Chellis and her father paused and spoke to
Jim Madnau, and he came on between them. Mary could
hear Amy chatting gayly, but Jim spoke but seldom; there
came a vivid red spot on either of her cheeks, while her fore-
head turned white; there was a fear as of danger in the rear
—as if there was a presence behind her that needed narrow
watching; there was an impulse to look back and be pre-
pared; but—for what ?
She would conquer this feverish madness that she dreaded,
hated and could not understand. So she laughed at Stan-
ley’s little pleasantries, giggling gleefully when the state of
affairs demanded no more than a smile. She rejoiced when
they reached the creek and the Chellises and their escort
turned to theeast. She excused herself from Stanley at the
gate, saying, which was quite true, that she had letters to
write. But when he was well out of sight—he had turned
and gone east in the direction of his ranche—she again
donned her hat and walked up and down the road to wear
out her vexation. The letters must wait until she was in a
letter-writing mood.
On the Wednesday evening following, as she sat crochet.
ing mittens for the colder weather, a brisk rap was heard at
the door and Jim Madnau entered, blinking at the bright
light. He was dressed in his buckskin suit, and wore spurs,
indicating that he had comeon horseback. His clothing was
mud-bespattered.
