300 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
see, Iola, all the blessings we women can reap, we must reap
through the influence of men, since they have all the power
of bestowing. We must study not only how to make our-
selves agreeable to men, but how to retain their favor after
once itis secured. The training women receive tends to
make many of them cold. Few men will tolerate coldness.
The woman who gives her husband most love, interest, and
subject for admiration and study, can most readily lead him
in the service of herself and sex. Love is so powerful that
it reigns where reason and the calmest sense of justice fail.
The most conclusive proof of need fails to bring forth a re-
form until our tears for outraged love have been called out
as well.”
“Do you believe Gus would be easy to lead in the cause of
women, Mary ?”
“TI doubt if he will need any leading. Both he and Kid
are unpredjudiced thinkers. Still, all men are influenced
more or less by the women they marry. It is possible for
those two boys to marry women, who with the very best of
intentions perhaps will cheapen themselves until they con-
vert the love that might be a towering flame, inciting to
manliness, glory and ambition ; into a feeble flickering blaze
that in dying away will surprise all concerned that it ever
existed. In that case it is impossible that either should
attain his highest possibility.”
“And do you think I’d interfere any with Gus’s success in
life ? ” asked Iola, as a deep flush mantled her face.
“Why, Sister, what are you thinking of. You are both so
oung.”
“We'll get older.”
“ And you haven’t been acquainted with each other long
enough, have you ?”
“Delia and King were not acquainted with each other very
long.”
“OTola; that was just play. Do not think of following
the example of such rapid love-making. It is good romance
but poor reality. It might do well enough if all people were
without faults; but in our present state I would be afraid of
the risk.”
“Why, I’ve known Gus longer than you had known Jim,
when you were married.”
“But we were so much older. O, promise me, Iola, that
you will not think of marriage yet.”
“T have not thought of marriage. I just wanted to know
if you thought I was too young to be engaged.”
