WAYS AND MEANS. 263
the company of Broncho Charlie and then set about talking
Penobscot Bill over. Bill informed him that he “used to
have a nation big time at such places back yonder,” but he
feared to risk it now. He knew Jim pretty well, and he
wanted to “hold down his job.” Mr. Jennings said that
if he had no other reason for going he would go just to
demonstrate to any who might observe, how effectively he
could pull the wool over Jim’s eyes. Bill remarked that he
himself had once endeavored to obscure Jim’s observance by
drawing down the sheep-pelt appendage, in regard to a little
evening devoted to tarantula tea and yelling. His success
upon that occasion had been so poor that he advised his friend
to beware. His friend remarked that if he thought he wasn’t
able to fool such an excuse for a man as Jim Madnau he’d
ull his freight for anewrange. He furthermore announced
to Bill that he had received a letter from his friend Mr. Lem
Harcoot of Cedar Ridge, asking him to meet himself and
Mr. Clarence Henri Ellsworth at the grand opening. Mr.
Jennings would cap the climax by getting the pretty, bewitch-
ing and wifely Mrs. Madnau to carry to post a postal. card
in answer to this. Thus he would roundly humiliate the
Madnaus, while they remained in blissful ignorance of the
fact that they had been humiliated! And Mr. Jennings
actually carried out the postal card plan. The grand opening
of the dance-house was to take place on Saturday evening.
The presidential campaign was in full operation and the
Madnaus, Gus, Iola, Kid and Bella were going on Thursday
evening to Milroy City to hear what the Hon. Mr. Tellew-
quick had to say-upon the political issues of the day. The
Madnaus were to go in their buggy; the young people in a
two-seated spring-wagon. When they were ready to start
Mr. Jennings smilingly handed Mary a postal card on which
was written a message to Mr. Lem Harcoot, telling him he
would meet him according to request on Saturday evening.
He read the message to Mary, telling her that he strongly
suspected Mr. Harcoot had requested the meeting for the
purpose of returning to him fifty dollars which he had upon
a former occasion borrowed out of the earnings which by
industry he-—Mr. Jennings—had gathered, and by economy
saved. The party listened to the address of the Hon. Mr.
Tellewquick and then set out for home. Upon the return
Mary told her husband of the postal card incident.
5; “ Do you know where he is going Saturday night ?” asked
im, J
