312 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
Hougomont. We have seen the portrayal, but we were not
crushed beneath the surging mass in the hollow road of
Ohain. We have been told the tale, but we have not stood
for opinion’s sake amid smoking fagots. The legend is ours,
but we have not fainted athirst in desert sands, seeking to
abolish the traffic in human flesh. We who have been spared
the horrors of prison, carnage, fagot, scaffold and rack—who
have not felt the tooth of persecution and the heel of the op-
pressor, ask how is it possible for creatures to coolly face
worldly ruin, bodily pain, and death ?
No hero is hero born. He is trained to heroism. Some
childhood incident awakes him to the miseries of his fellows,
orto the injustice meted out to himself. Circumstance inures
him to toil. The outrages of enemies strengthen him to re-
sistance. The futility of grief to bring back the things he
mourns dissipates his weakness and dries up his tears. His
eyes, opened to his own misfortunes, see the misfortunes of
others. The teachings of a reason that perceives the need of
effort and sacrifice for the general good nerve him to dismiss
personal fear, and serve to the utmost. In the achievement
he would attain, his individuality passes away; he values
his life less than his hoped-for achievement. His indomit-
able spirit, he believes, passes to his followers, and will sustain
them after he has fallen.
And who shall say that he does not take up with sadness
the weapon with which to stab tyranny, and the pen with
which to expose outrage? Can we believe that he does not
mourn for the misguided beings whom he slays, incon-
veniences, or brings to blush ? Can we believe that his final
triumph is untouched by thought of his defeated ? Are the
glad shouts over the triumph of justice always unmingled
with wails that the votaries of tyranny, conspiracy and out-
rage are men and brothers too ?

CHAPTER XL.
THE DARLING O¥ THE CIRCLE BAR.
THE Circle Bar men were for the most part a bad lot.
Neither the Talberts nor Stanley Lancaster were in the least
degree particular as to the character of the men they hired,
so long as the men performed the work assigned them. In-
deed if their hands had been saints at the time of their em-
