198 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
- “The terrier organized. He drafted an elaborate set of
whereases and resolutions, setting forth in plain, strong
language the wrongs the mice were committing upon his
mistress’s possessions. He threw a copy of these to the
mice, but the mice chewed it up and threw the fragments in
his face.
“ «Draft a stronger list,’ said the lady.
“The terrier drafted a stronger list. He did not throw it
to the mice; he threw it to the lady. It consisted of just
one resolution, and read : :
“«¢ Resolved, that I be let out of this cage.’
“¢ Why do you insist on being let out of that nice cage ?’
demanded the angered lady in a high key.
‘¢ For three reasons,’ answered the terrier. ‘ First, because
ou have no right under God’s Heaven, save that mean old
right of the strongest, to keep me here; second, because in
this cage I suffer a thousand privations and inconveniences
which you, being free, cannot understand; third, because if
I were out I would clear out those mice.’ And the terrier
laid hold of the railings of his cage and shook them as if he
were determined to gain his freedom, or wear out his life in
the effort. The lady continued to offer objections, but the
now thoroughly enraged terrier answered only by shaking
his bars and barking furiously. The lady at length became
so annoyed by this din that she, with a great deal of reluc-
tance, much scolding, and many predictions of evils to come,
opened the door. The little terrier ran out and caressed her
as ardently as if his liberty had been willingly granted.
Then he stretched his long confined limbs to bring back the
strength that inaction had sapped. Then, half timidly, he
started toward the mice. They showed resistance. This
enraged him. He bounded forward and rejoiced as he felt
his gathering strength. The vermin fled in rout; he fol-
lowing in triumph. He ran into dark corners, under boxes
and chairs, behind cupboards and trunks, dragging out into
light his lifeless victims, and causing his mistress to exclaim
in astonishment that she never would have believed there
were somany. Andwhen he had done he ran to his mistress,
again caressed her, and though he never after would submit
to be put back in the cage, he remained her trusted friend
and helper all his days.”
Gus Waite, sitting next in the semicircle, told the story of
