178 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“ When he started out his friends all commenced tellin’
him how he hadu’t better go. They couldn’t see no use of
his venturin’ out beyond where his fathers had ventured.
They told him he’d be lonesome, and meet dangers and dis-
couragements; and that some people ’ud make light of what
he was doin’, and others would undervalue it, and nobody
would appreciate his work. Lots of people would say the
lands he was explorin’ wa’n’t fit for settlers nohow; and
others would say he was a fool for strikin’ out that way, when
he might scitle down and git rich. But Joe said that unless
people once in a while weut beyond where their fathers had
ventured, that he couldn’t see how the world was goin’ to move
on; and that if, twenty years from then, a few people was
owners of homes and forehanded, with plenty of range for
their little kids to run over and kick up their heels, that
he wasn’t goin’ to care for nobody’s criticisms and lack of
appreciation. He wasn’t workin’ for thanks. The critters
of the futur that he was tryin’ to benefit would be happier,
whether they ever thanked him in words or not. He said
he didn’t mind bein’ chased by Injuns or chawed by grizzlies
a little, if he could save some other critters from bein’
chased by creditors and chawed by hunger. He said the
sight of kids runnin’ barefoot through snow and slush bit
him deeper nor a mountain lion could if he was wounded and
cornered. He said that if, by takin’ a little sufferin’ and a
few taunts and flings, and a little ridicule on to hisself, he
could save others from so much sufferin’, he was willin’ to
make the break.
“ Well, Joe struck out. He sent letters home whenever
he could find a returnin’ wagon. Even after he’d got clear
out from everybody, he’d write lettezs, and go and stick ’em
in the bark of trees along trails, askin’ anybody that come
to try and git ’em East. So his folks heard from him off
and on, every once in awhile. The letters went on to tell
how he was killin’ grizzlies and mountain lions, and pizenin’
coyotes, and gettin’ away with rattlesnakes and varmints
gerer’ly,-and makin’ the West a safer place for folks to live
in. He was all alone, for he was out in a part so thick with
varmints and redskins that even the trappers fonght shy of
it. He was gittin’ along with the Injuns first-rate, and
tryin’ to persuade ’em to git along with the whites as long
as the whites didn’t cheat ’em too awful bad.
“ But finally his: folks quit hearin’ from him. He’d been
away from home four years then. I’d been gittin’ ready to
