THE CROOKEDNESS OF FATE, 165
then breaking off. I’m afraid you Kansas gentlemen are
not gallant.”
“Say, I’m from Kansas,” said Kid, who was rapidly gain-
ing in self-possession.
“And Gus Waite is from Kansas, too,” exclaimed the ready
but thoughtless Iola.
“Well,” said Lat, “if I was goin’ to marry a woman and
would find out five minutes before the ceremony that she
wasn’t a lady, I wouldn’t have her. I’ve made up my mind
that my wife shall be a lady. Now, once I was goin’ to
marry a girl—had my mind all made up—and was just goin’
to tell her. I went up the steps and just as I got to the
door I heard her mother tell her to do somethin’, 1 didn’t
understand what; and the girl spoke up and said she wouldn’t
do it—she’d be darned if she did. Well, I just turned
round and walked down them steps and hunted home.”
“That girl spoke up just in time to save herself, then,”
said Kid.
The over-confident construe our rudeness as jealousy when
it comes from their own sex, and as an attempt to hide
undue interest when it comes from the opposite one. So
imagining that Kid was madly jealous and Mary and Iola
on the brink of love, Mr. Jennings went on:
“T used to have lots of fun with the girls back where I
come from ; I used to get ’em to bet on elections and things.
I'd bet ’em a pair of gloves or a new hat against a kiss. I
generally knowed in the first place how the thing was goin’
to come out, so I nearly always got the kiss.”
“T used to have a nation big time with the gals back
yonder,” said Bill.
“Why, did you bet, Mr. Jennings ?” asked Mary.
“Bet ? why Mrs. Madnau, I staked four hundred dollars
once on a single shake of dice.”
“ And won, of course,” said Kid.
“Yes, I won. And I never felt so good in my life.
jest turned my old six-shooter loose through the ceilin’ as
long as there was a shot left in it. Then I run out in the
street and pulled my other pop, and shot the lights out of
every store in town.”
“You must have had a long-winded gun,” said Kid.
“O, I always kept my cartridge belt full.”
“You ought to have been sheriff at that time so you could
have arrested yourself,” said Mary.
“It was after that when I was sheriff,” answered Lat,
