234 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
unkind, and tore his delicate sentiments and neatly adorned
logic to tatters, telling him flatly that she preferred a single
grain of blunt common sense to a ton of meaningless flat-
tery. And after this, when the subject was mentioned, he
was much more tractable; he believed after all there was
something in the question; he would accord it the honor of
his close consideration. He made these terms not because
he was any nearer to belief in the equality of women, but
because he did not like to have his charmer berate him. He
liked to study her face when she was dreamy and restful—
these outbreaks were advantageous as far as exhibiting her
in a new role went—but then he preferred they would not
be too frequent—he longed in fact for more signs of capitu-
lation than she had yet displayed.
Man’s love for woman is very like his love for sugar;
while smacking his lips at her sweetness, he calmly says:
“When I have eaten up this supply I can easily get more.”
Still some brands of sugar are preferable to others; the
article which is scarcest and which is ticketed with the highest
price being most sought after. Mary was a scarce and un-
usual specimen—she possessed flavor, and was not so insip-
idly sweet as is the average brand; she ticketed herself with
so high a price that Lat, when in his sober reason, almost
despaired. His numerous easy victims all seemed contempt-
ible now. There was ever before his mental eye a vision of
sprightly defiance, of restless activity, and of conscious
superiority. And as alone with the lonely greasebrush he
studied the latter point—thought over her delicate little hu-
miliating thrusts, her raking cross-fires with Kid, her contempt
of his attentions, he vowed fearfully to do his utmost to
bring her to acknowledge his power. Ah, he had a plan!
He would enlist her kindness of heart. He would petition
her to teach him -to play the chords on the piano. Music
and proximity should soften her. Why is it that our anx-
iety to feel that some one else is more insignificant than
ourselves is so great that we will take endless pains to make
them so, and well-nigh perform miracles to perpetuate the
conditions that keep them so ?
Lat began the music dodge that very evening, and Mary
was quite ready to assist him, though she did not capitulate
so readily as he had expected. When he sat too near her
she requested him to take a lower octave; then she roundly
scolded him for sledge-hammering the keys, and told him to
watch how softly Kid played chords. It was humiliating to
