THE SPRING ROUNDUP. 231
was winging after the two men she had heard talking, trying
to make out what the beginning and end of that conversation
was, and to convince her mind, as her heart was already con-
vinced, that her husband was its subject. Twenty times she
sought their faces; Ike invariably dropped his eyes; but.
Stanley only gave vent to his little laugh and came forward
to tell her how well she was looking. She danced and talked
and listened; but when at last, after what seemed ages of
weariness and waiting, she found herself in the spring wagon
beside her husband, she, blessing the night that hid her
weakness, twined her arms round him, and laying her head
on his shoulder, fell into a troubled sleep.

CHAPTER XXVI.
THE SPRING ROUNDUP.
Tue Bar Eleven had now become possessed of a croquet set.
The men found time to play on moonlight evenings, and
occasionally on Sundays. Now neither Jim nor Mary
objected to Sunday croquet playing on the part of their
employes. They knew that Lat Jennings and Penobscot
Bill, if bereft of amusement, would hunt a saloon, and would
do all in their power to take Gus and Kid there with them.
Some of the. neighbors “ made talk,’ and Jim consulted Hen
Hall. Hen told Jim that there had been a time when he had
been given to visiting saloons, and that he had always held
a lack of means to employ Sunday partially responsible. Hen
argued that when homes are made gloomily sombre, and when
all innocent amusements are forbidden, as they usually are
on Sunday, that the impatient, restless, life-loving heart of
youth will stray out in search of amusement. He argued
that it is better to keep youth at its weekly work on the
Sabbath day than to give it time for recreation and forbid it
recreating. He argued that one of the surest methods for
combating evil resorts is to keep home always pleasanter
than any den of sin. He argued that what was Sunday
breaking was Monday breaking; that what defiled Sunday
was equally evil on Tuesday; like Jesus, he believed that it
was well to do good on the Sabbath day and wrong to do evil
on any day; he liked the idea of a day of rest, when men
could pause in their daily toil, to spend the time in friendly
