THE COWBOY AS A POET. 153
pally of legs. Being, then, a man of action rather than of
words, he sent no war-like message to Lat, but came over
very frequently in the evenings himself, and assisted Iola
with her dish-washing. The two young men having thus
taken the sure and short road to [ola’s affections, matters
seemed ripe for trouble. Iola looked upon Mr. Jennings
much more favorably than formerly, aad occasionally reproved
Mary for her sarcastic criticisms.
Bella Martin and Broncho Charlie had been asked to come
prepared to the song party, and Mr. and Mrs. Hogan had
been invited as spectators. Mary prevailed upon Iola not to
put on an overplus of finery. The few guests came early and
the lamps beamed out on an expectant group. There was a
good deal of preliminary conversation and Mary had consider-
able trouble to find some one to start out. All wanted to
hear, but they seemed to prefer hearing some oneelse. Mary
had almost lost courage, when Lat offered to start the ball.
And then Mary silently blessed him; he had shown himself
possessor of one gentlemanly trait at least. What party-giver,
who has vainly tried to entertain a backward, unconfident
crowd, who persisted in sitting back and refusing to do aught
but whisper and cough, will not ring out a chime for Lat?
She bade him sit at the head of the circle and begin, telling
the others that they would be expected to sing in the order
of their sitting. Then with real sisterly tenderness on her
worried face for the man who had helped her out of her di-
lemma, she took her place in the circle. Lat officiously
cleared his throat and in a voice strong and high, though
harsh, he twisted his one tune round the following words,
which, he said, one of his numerous girls had composed for
his edification.
THE WILD COWBOY.*
‘O, daughter, dear daughter, you know I love you true,
You know I love you true ;
But the love that you have for the wild cowboy, I fear will trouble
you,
" I fear will trouble you;
The love that you have for the wild cowboy, I fear will trouble you.
“OQ, mother, dear mother, you know I love you well
You know I Jove you well,

* This song was sung in the author’s presence by a young cowboy,
and is here used with his permission. .
