THE WATER QUESTION. 59
tarned from the window with a sneer upon her face. It re-
mained right there while she set the table and set up the
chairs. ‘The idea of Jim Madnau coming right there in her
hearing to berate Stanley Lancaster—and all just because
he knew well enough that she preferred Stanley. He talked
loud on purpose for her to hear. When all were seated at
table, she turned to her host and said :
“What did Mr. Madnau want, Mr. Hogan ?”
“QO, some durn sneak’s tore out the daras of our ditches
and let the water all down the crick. Jcst as we was ready
to use it, too.”
“ You don’t think Mr. Lancaster did it, do you?”
“Well, gal, I’ve watched things on this crick a good while,
and I’ve found out that a man that won’t steal anything
else, will steal water. But mind you, I ain’t sayin’ that
Stan Lancaster won’t steal anything else.”
“Joshua! Joshua!” exclaimed Mrs. Hogan.
“ Well, Harriet, I can’t help it. I’ve been waitin’ on the
water for more’n a week now, jest to give them other fellers
a chance, and this is too thunderin’ aggravatin’.”
Mary was angry, but she determined to pursue the conver-
sation. She desired information more than vengeance. She
drove all the wrath out of her tone and asked :
“Tsn’t there enough water for all the folks ?”
“No, there ain’t, not this season, that is. There’s gener-
ally more than’s needed.”
“But why don’t the people divide what there is equal-
ly 2? ”
“You’ve got a better edication than the teacher on Elk
Crick, and that gives you ten dollars a month more pay than
he gits. Why don’t you divide that ten dollars with him?”
asked the old man rather snappishly.
“But money and water are different.”
“Not so very different, gal. Water is money in this
country. I got to this crick first; I settled here when my
scalp was in danger. I wasn’t holdin’ on to the coat tails
of these other fellers, keepin’ them from comin’ out here and
settlin’ down.”
“And Mr. Lancaster is one of those that hasn’t enough
water?”
“ Well, whiskey’s cheap; it does him ’bout as well.”
Mary struggled for composure; what was the use of get-
ting angry at a prejudiced old man ?
“He owns land, doesn’t he?” she asked.
-
