94 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
bleeding!” he exclaimed. ‘“Confound you, and me too.
Durn any such a team of hard-headed fools! You old hussy,
you! Blank a durned spur, anyhow. Somebody ought to
use ’em on me awhile. Ill put the cussed things where
they won’t be the cause of me making such a fool of myself
again for awhile; stand here now, Kate.” He stooped and
unbuckled the spurs, drew them off and strapped them to-
gether. He then walked to the steep bank of the creek,
under which, just there, lay a deep pool, and raised his spurs
in the air. There was a sound as of the breaking of thin
ice, and then Jim came back to Kate, patted her neck and
leaped into the saddle. Mary did not wait for him to leave
the creek bank. She heard the ice break, and then she
started and ran up the field inside the fence until she was
far in advance of him. Then she crawled through the fence
into the road. The full moon was rising and sending long
beams of light into the valley. All her fear was gone, but
the episode she had just witnessed left struggling within her
a variety of emotions. She was so nervous as to be almost
hysterical; the ridiculous and the pathetic sides of the scene
were so closely allied that laughter and tears battled for the
control of her face. But as she heard Jim approaching, the
ridiculous side gained the victory, and she could scarcely
stifle an audible laugh. She walked at the side of the road
in the shadow of the undergrowth, and when Jim came
alongside, she said :
“Good evening, Mr. Madnau.”
Jim started nervously.
“Why, where did you come from?” he asked, as he rec-
ognized her voice.
Mary explained that she was going home after a short ride
with Miss Chellis.
“ Well, here,” he said, as he dismounted; “won’t you ride
Kate the rest of the way ?”
“No, thank you, I’ll walk along.”
“ But she won’t hurt you. She has been raising thunder
a little this evening, but she’s all right now. I know her
like a book.”
“Well, if youll vouch for her, I’l] mount.” Jim threw
over the opposite stirrup and lifted her into the saddle.
“Now you must lend me your spurs, Mr. Madnau. If I
ride a cowboy saddle, I must have cowboy spurs,” she said.
“My spurs? Well—I haven’t got’em with me to-night.”
“ Why—have you lost them?”
