PECULIARITIES OF THE TENDERFOOT. 69
“Ah, Miss Fleming, you give infinitely more than you
take,” and he looked fixedly at her with his blue eyes full of
tenderness. Her confidence in herself was fully restored ;
she no longer cared for Miss Chellis’s rich silk and pearls.
She was in a merry mood. Uncle Peter Chase and Mr.
Herron joined in the conversation, bantering her for being
a tenderfoot, and all were in high glee when Jim came for
her to dance. Lancaster took Miss Chellis and stood op-
posite them, Miss Chellis still not deigning to notice Mary.
During an interval between figures she perceived that Lan-
caster was asking his partner some question, and from the
motion of his lips judged he was asking her to be presented.
Whatever it was, the lady shook her head indignantly and
stood staring at the opposite wall with elevated nose. After
two more quadrilles came another waltz, when Stanley came
again for Mary and held her closer than ever. Stooping
over once until his long blond mustache almost swept her
cheek, he whispered to her that Miss Chellis was jealous of
her. She looked up, and caught Jim Madnau’s glance upon
her, angry and scowling. He blushed and withdrew his
gaze, but Mary was troubled all the evening. He himself
came for her next, and danced as violently as ever, but he
said but little. Mary tried hard to put him in good-humor,
donning her gayest manner and coquetting with a will; she
sneceeded sufficiently well to set him laughing at her non-
sense.
Supper was announced and she was led out by the incor-
rigible Lancaster; it was a magnificent repast, cakes, fruit,
ice-cream, and confections—but it was all spoiled for Mary.
Only the looks of things prevented her hurling an orange at
Jim Madnau. He was according her the full honor of his
usual surveillance. After about two more hours of amuse-
ment, Bertie Herron waked and demonstrated his intention to
be heard. The Herrons and Mary prepared togo. Stanley
Lancaster bade her good-night with eyes full of interest and
a hand-clasp full of tenderness. And yet she was not satis-
fied. She feared, try hard as she might to stifle the dreadful
fear, that she was beginning to see in Stanley certain simi-
larities to her cousin Tom Carver. Any such discovery she
knew would be instantly fatal to her admiration for him;
she hated this, for her mind was satisfied that he was madly
in love with her. As for herself she could amuse herself
punishing Jim Madnau; but what consolation would poor
Mr. Lancaster have ?
