122 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
all Mary’s excellences as a teacher, and virtues as a woman
were at once disbelieved in, and she was pronounced to be
what the women had feared and the men suspected “all
along.” If she had come and told them, now, and had a big
wedding, and invited all the nice people, that would have
been different; but this way she had hurried matters showed
plainly enough that there was reason for speed. They were
sorry to see a nice young man like Jim taken in so, but then
he needed alittle punishment. He had always held back
from the girls on the Creek. Mrs. Chellis, becoming all of
a sudden very friendly with her neighbors, threw new light
on the matter; there were two reasons; one was Mary’s ad-
vanced age; she had confessed to Mrs. Chellis that she was
twenty-six years old, and of course a girl is always at least
five years older than she confesses; then she had further-
more confessed to Mrs. Chellis that very grave charges
might at any time reach the West in regard to her. Mrs.
Amelia Chellis Lee put in her oar; she had not seen the
creature—did not want to—but she had a friend in Milroy
City who had heard considerable. Mr. Lee, the husband of
Amelia and father of that lady’s five interesting children,
was of opinion that the match would be of short duration.
The woman—and Mr. Lee had seen enough of women to
be able to judge them critically—had of course married Jim
for his property, and would “skip out ” as soon as she could
get possession thereof. Mr. Lee saw but one way for Jim
to retain her; abundant family ties might insure her presence
in the bosom of her family; whether that means had been
employed to keep Mrs. Lee from straying may never be
definitely known, but it is certain that forso young a woman,
Mrs. Lee’s family ties were numerous. It is astonishing to
what an extent we unconsciously pose as criteria by which
to judge our neighbors. Mr. Lee, being a highly educated
and advanced gentleman, according to his own opinion—and
who is so capable to judge ourselves as ourselves ?—with
the world standing behind him astonished at his learning
and glory, was credited by the populace of Frelawna with
having pronounced a verdict that entirely met the exigencies
of the case. The opportunity that a wedding affords toa
certain class of humanity for choice predictions and chaste
language is duly appreciated and generally made the most
of. The Chase girls were displeased that Mrs. Chellis should
say such things of Mary, and all three complained to their
mamma that the lady had been too severe. But Mrs. Chase
