396 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
to an abrupt close. The possibility of the pancake feat
came under discussion, The meu had had their breakfast,
but they at once began to mix pancakes. They wanted to
fry pancakes, and did not care who ate them. Griff Henry
svon had a griddle greased, and was on his knees before the
wide fireplace, while Hank Sands was piling on batter. The
Circle Bar had a wide low chimney ;_ was not here a fine oppor-
tunity to test the feasibility of the pastime? Mr. Everet
gave instructions, Under his directions, Griff succeeded in
spreading a huge hot pancake over his hand and arm; in
shaking it off, aJarge fragment caressed Ike’s cheek, causing
that gentleman to make remarks which for lack of space are
here omitted. Mr. Everet, Rocky Mountain Bill while he was
thus engaged, now took the griddle and succeeded in turning
and catching a cake in faultless fashion, though it ascended
but a short distance above the level of the griddle. He ex-
plained that his arms were now too stiff to venture the chim-
ney throw. Hank Sands, seeing that the feat was possible
on a sinall scale, determined upon the whole performance.
Having shaken the cake loose, he gave the griddle a sudden
and tremendous upward impulse. The cake ascended at an
angle of some forty degrees, and coming in contact with the
frout wall of the chimney at a distance of some four feet
from the scene of action, remained sticking there. Those
who ran out to see it rise and fall, not perceiving it, came in
and looked up the chimney. After well-nigh blinding them-
selves with smoke, they discovered it, and decided that it
might there remain. Just as Ike was baking his cake,
Hank’s experiment came down out of the chimney and set-
tled upon it, soot and all. Ike lost his self-control and that
time the cake did go up the chimney. It rose high, turned
in air and began to descend.
“Come out here with that griddle, Ike,” screamed the men
who were watching its aerial ventures. “ Hustle out quick!
She’sacoming! Run! There now, it’s too late.”
Lat Jennings then tried. He got the cake through the
chimney, but as he was rushing under it with the griddle,
he received it on his head. He wildly tore it off, giving
vent to no end of extempore eloquence, as with scorched fin-
gers he raked the hot paste out of his hair. Tom Samp,
being notoriously short of courage, was more modest. He
concluded not to try the chimney, but to just venture turn-
ing the cake in the house. He inquired of Rocky Mountain
Bill how hard he should throw the cake to insure a nice
