THE PIOUS COWBOY. 151
keep discussin’ questions with big names that, far’s I can
see, don’t have nothin’ to do with makin’ laws to give the
weak a chance, nor puttin’ out o’ the reach o’ the unwise the
things that injures ’em and holds ’em down and keeps ’em
poor. If they’s anything in them great questions, as they
call ’em, I say they ort to be fitted for the understandin’ and
liftin’ up o’ the masses. Then lots of folks that would really
like to do right think that servin’ the Lord means shoutin’
theirselves hoarse praisin’ His name. Now, I tell you how I
look at that. I’m workin’ for Jim, here; now, if I’d set
round the house here tellin’? what a good feller Jim is, and
singin’ songs to him, and gittin’ up in the night to serenade
him when he’d rather be asleep, I’d be doin’ jest like lots o’
Christians do; but I wouldn’t suit Jim, and I’d git fired
mighty quick. But when I buckle on my chaps and rustle
out amongst the hills and see that Jim’s herd is all right,
and ain’t sufferin’ fer water and feed, and bein’ run off the
range and branded by cow thieves, then I’m servin’ Jim as
he wants to be served. And if I was ridin’ fer the Lord I’d
believe it was His wish that I’d ride out in the ravines of
darkness and the hills of sin and keep His herd from bein’
branded by the devil and run off to where the feed was short
and the drinkin’ holes in the cricks all dry, and no cedars
and pinons for shelter when the blizzards come. I don’t see
how I’d be helpin’ the Lord out if I jest laid round the ranche
eatin’ up what grub I could git, and then gittin’ down on my
prayer bones and taffyin’ the Lord up, and askin fer more.
The Bible says somethin’? somewhere—I’ve got the place
marked with an ace of diamonds—about how people serve
the Lord by feedin’ and waterin’ and looking after his herd,
and I think it would do lots of people good to read it over.
When a critter has had his moral natur starved ever sense he
was a calf, and been let run a human maverick till the devil
took pity on him jest cause nobody else didn’t look after him,
and put his brand on him so deep that even in the spring
when the hair’s longest it’s no trouble to tell whose herd he
belongs to, it shows mighty plain that the cow-punchers
of the Lord has been huntin’ salary harder than they’ve
been huntin’ souls. When the roundup starts in, the good
cowman tells his cow-punchers to bring in everything, no
matter how old and poor they be—the old, poor cows that’s
jest managed to pick through the winter, the old residenters
with long horns, and the little yearlin’s, whether they’re poor
or fat. And I feel that a man that ain’t willin’ to hunt
