338 TUE ADMINISTRATRLYX.
they arrest you for attempted murder and find that the
charge will not adhere, the justice holds you for assault and
battery. If you are arrested for arson and it is proved
that you have not arsoned any, the justice, knowing that
unless some charge sticks the fees will not adhere, holds
you for having, to the detriment of the entire commu-
nity, thrown a spent match into the river, to the immi-
nent risk of setting an iron bridge on fire. If they arrest
you for grand larceny and find that you have not done so,
the justice holds you for some other variety of larceny. If
they arrest you for assault and battery and find that youare
innocent of that, he holds you for disturbing the public tran-
quillity. There is, so Kid to this day protests, no such
thing as escape from some sort of conviction, because if the
accused be cleared, the fees must be looked for from a slow
paying county, and the court might possibly have to go with-
out its dinner some fine day, or be put to the terrible alter-
native of going to work. AJ] the splendid civilization of the
present day could not break Kid of these opinions.
Now when Hercules went into the Lernean marsh to kill
the many headed hydra, he anticipated difficulty, of course.
Still he was prepared to face the difficulty, and his heart was
bold for battle. But there was one thing for which he was
not prepared; that was the crab that came up behind him
and pinched his heels. It was so with Kid; he felt that he
had had quite enough of toil in defeating the first charge,
without being held on the second minus the formality of a
new arrest. He saw no reason why assault and_ battery
should be called up to gnaw his heels just as he had van-
quished the hydra of bodily injury. But Gus Waite after-
wards assured him that there was much reason for trying him
on two different charges; by so doing the fees accruing to
the functionaries of the august court were much increased.
Kid, notwithstanding the fact that he was in the grasp of
the law, made an effort for his life. He suggested that his
friend Mr. Waite had a word to say. Tom’s attorney asked
Gus if he was in very close proximity to the scene of action.
Gus replied that others were closer, but that his view was
unobstructed. The attorney gave him a contemptuous and
withering glance, and with a wave of his hand asked the
court to dispense with a witness who had had only a distant
view.
“But I saw the whole racket, though,” said Gus in a
somewhat decided tone,
