332 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“He can run, though, all the same;” said Tom Samp,
who was hunting prey.
“But how’s he goin’ to run? He ain’t got any hind-quar-
ters;” said Jere.
“Well, he makes up with his fore-hitters, then,” said
Tom.
“But I tell you he can’t run! He can’t run a little bit!
He can’t even warm himself up! He’ll git his eyes so full
of dust that he’ll go blind! He won’t even git near enough
to the stragglers to git kicked! I can run off and hide from
him, myself!”
“ Bet you fifty dollars he’s the first horse in!”
“Tl take you up, and bet you another fifty he’s the last
one in.”
Tom then went in search of other prey. Jere went up to
Kid and began to pick flaws in Thundercloud’s construction.
“Bah!” said Jere. “He might git them fore feet round
the track in some less than half an hour, if it wasn’t for him
havin’ to take them hind legs along.”
Kid made no reply, but went on rubbing.
“T say, you ain’t got the gaul to think that thing can
run? Ain’t you ashamed to go backachin’ round about such
a cayuse ?”
Gus raised the curry-comb and stared at the questioner.
“Tt’s fine pay you'll git for your trouble,” sneered Jere.
At this, Kid turned round, faced him, and said:
“Jere, why don’t you save your chin till the race is over ?
You'll know something then.”
“ Know somethin’ now.”
Kid looked over the eleven ponies that had been entered
for the half-mile dash. He knew them all save a scrawny
old sorrel that was disfigured by half a dozen big, scrawling
brands, and that seemed to have sacrificed all the more
pliable portions of his tail fighting flies. Kid knew all the
ponies save this scarecrow. Bella was well out of hearing,
and he was being fearfully goaded.
“You'd better tie a gunny sack behind your saddle to
make a pillow for him when he goes to sleep,” sneered Jere.
“Tl bet you my new saddle here, against forty dollars,
that he’s in first; and I want you either to put up, or shut
up;” said Kid.
Jere put up, and then moved upon the fortifications of Gus.
Gus was more cautious. He bet, ten dollars that Thunder-
cloud would not come in last. *
