STRANGE EVENTS. 73
“Water out on the road?” asked Mr, Hogan, as he
caught sight of the markings,
“Yes; broke over this afternoon. It’s your ditch that’s
broke. I fixed it up as soon as I found out.” Then the
two fell to talking crops, mines and local politics, thus giv-
ing Mary time to regain the composure that had been shaken.
She wondered why she could not be as calm as Mrs. Hogan,
who sat so quietly knitting yonder. But then if she was
nervous so was Jim; that was some consolation; this fact
helped her in a remarkable degree to recover her equanimity,
Mr. Hogan went to the cellar for some apples, and Mary
determined to put Mr. Madnau at his ease.
. How did you enjoy the party, Mr. Madnau?” she
asked.
“ O, I had a very good time. How did you like it?”
“ Famously ! I hope they’ll have another somewhere
soon.
“ There’s to be one at John Branch’s, on Boulder Creek,
Friday night. If you’d like to go, I’ll take you over.”
“ Q, thank you; I should enjoy going ever so much.”
Mr. Hogan came in with the apples, and the conversation
became general. When nine o’clock came, Jim arose to go.
As he reached for his hat, he said,
“ We'll start from here about seven o’clock, Friday even-
ing. We'll go in the same rig with John Mopely and Lucy
Chase. John and IJ fixed it all up last night.”
“(), did you ?” she asked, saucily. “ But how did you
know Lucy and I would accept ?”
“ Oh! well—that is—John had already asked Lucy—and
I just thought ——”
“O yes; I know all about it, Mr. Madnau. I won’t leave
you in the lurch this time ; but it was a great risk to run.
All young ladies are not so easily carried off to parties as I
am ”?
Then Mr. Hogan roared, and Mrs. Hogan tittered, and
Jim blushed furiously, putting even his ordinary bronzed
hue to shame. Mary enjoyed his discomfiture so much that
she determined to push her advantage so far as to tease him.
It is dreadful to think of the terrible things the mouse will
do when it gets the cat safely tied up. (The cat please take
warning.
“ You will have to insure my life against the vengeance
of Miss Chellis,” she said. ‘ By the way, how can you pos-
sibly endure a party bereft of her?”
