20 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
taste. After she had disposed of the tidbit, shaking her
head up and down in her effort to make the most of it, Hen
turned and walked away toward a saddle that lay upon the
ground. ‘Come, Princess,” he said quietly. She followed
him, and soon was galloping with him to where Jim Madnau
held the herd.
The fire was brightening, for the shadows were deepening.
An irregular line of bright, golden light crested the darken-
ing range—the last lingering caress of the fast-flying sun.
The men threw down their plates, and stood or lounged about
the fire. The snapping cedar boughs threw long tongues of
wavering light upon the fast darkening sward. The moon
rose, golden and majestic, and did her utmost to supply the
glory that had fled with her mighty progenitor.
“ Who’s going to night-watch ? ” asked big Bill Coffroth,
the owner of three thousand head.
Three men were selected to watch for three hours, three
more for two, and another three for the last two hours of the
night. The first watch saddled horses and galloped away ;
Jim and Hen soon returned. Saddles were drawn into con-
venient positions to serve as pillows, and heads of all descrip-
tions were placed thereon. Slickers were unrolled and
saddle-blankets unfolded for covering. The cook washed and
piled away in the mess-wagon the last of the tin plates.
He covered the caldrons, and kicked the remnants of the
fire together. Then he drew out of the mess-wagon his roll of
bedding, and disposed himself therein. The camp sank into
quietude, that was not disturbed until the first watch sent
one of their number in to awake the second.

CHAPTER III.
THE TENDERFOOT.
Mary Friemine hurried down the side hill into the valley.
She entered a yard enclosed by a neat paling fence, and
hurried up the walk to the front-door of a good-sized, white
frame house. To the right of the said frame house was an
abandoned adobe structure which had served as a dwelling
house in earlier times. About the yard, and drooping over
the low roof of the adobe, were apple trees, not old nor very
large, but of sufficient age to be well hung with fruit, The
