THE TENDERFOOT. 95
“Yes; she’s home from school for good now. Nothin’
more to do in life except to find a husband.”
“ Well, if Mrs. Hopkins lives with a rich young man, I
don’t want to go there; he’ll think ’'m running after him.
If Miss Chellis wants him, I shall not give her any uneasi-
ness.””
“ Why, Jim ain’t there, now ; all the cattlemen’s out on
the round-up; ain’t likely to be home for two weeks yet.
They’ve got to gather up what’s on Turkey Creek after they
leave Aspen. If you don’t want to meet Jim, now’s your
time. :
“ Well, then, I might just as well go this evening.”
“No, no,” interposed Mrs. Hogan; “you and Joshua
have talked so long now that it’s about supper-time. You’d
be in the dark getting home. To-morrow evening will be
soon enough.”
Mary helped the kind old lady prepare the ample supper
and wash and put away the dishes. While assisting in the
latter work, she was intently thinking over the problem of
making friends of the Hopkinses. She was pre-eminently
social by nature, and the shrewd wisdom of old people
delighted her. But how could she court them without the
neighborhood inferring that she was also courting Jim
Madnau ? Like all attractive and vivacious women, she had
felt the keen blade of slander, and had trembled and wept at
its sting. Her brows contracted as she said, in a half-plaint-
ive voice, to Mrs. Hogan, while they were alone in the
kitchen :
“ Are the people in this neighborhood bad to talk ?”
“ Oh, I reckon it’s like all neighborhoods. There’s some
that ’tends to their own business, and some that tries to ’tend to
other people’s. But then I’ve always noticed that the people
that talks the most is gener’ly the ones that has the least
room to talk. Seemsas if they want to keep a dust stirred up
so’s people can’t see them an’ their failin’s too plain. I’ve
seen it happen mighty often that the talkers lived to see the
ones they’d slandered come out ahead of ’em. I always say
that if a girl goes ahead and does the best she can, that no
one has a right to talk. I’ve seen people that were ready to
talk about every girl that was mentioned; this one wasn’t
all right, and that one did so and so, and this, that, and the
other; and I’ve seen the time come, sooner or later, when
those people had to put their hands over their mouths be-
cause of a scandal in their own families. When people are
