THR TENDERFOOT, 27
“Mr, Kirke. A man who builds and repairs carriages.”
“QO, yes; Ben Kirke. One of the best fellers in town.
Seen him lots of times. You boarded there, did you?”
“Yes, for a while. Mrs. Kirke did not have very much
room so I had to hunt another place. I was afraid I never
would get a school.”
“ And what if you hadn’t ? ”
“T’d have worked out. I wasn’t able to work but I sup-
pose I could have earned my board at least.”
“You’ve got the right kind of grit, gal; you’ll come out
all right yet.”
“T hope so.”
“But be careful about taking cold,” said the old lady.
“Consumption is a mighty bad thing.” Mary’s eyes
sparkled and she said:
“I’m afraid, Mrs. Hogan, that it is food consumption that
threatens me now. I never had such an appetite as l’ve had
since I came to this state. Don’t you notice howIeat? I
almost ate Mrs. Kirke out of house and home while I stayed
there.”
“Yes,” answered the oldlady. “People always eat hearty
when they first come to Colorado. The bracing air does it.
It'll do you good. I look for you to quit coughin’ and be fat
and rosy by Christmas time.”
“Yes, and then I'll have to stand at the front gate with a
two-year-old club in one hand and a rawhide in the other to
keep the men away,” added Mr. Hogan ina dry, half-snap-
pish tone that might have made a stranger believe him
crusty.
“Joshua! Joshua!” remonstrated the old lady with a
laugh. Mary scarcely knew whether to pale or to laugh.
She hardly knew the old man yet. She had resided with
them only since the preceding Sunday, and she sometimes
felt at a loss how to consider the old man’s brusque manner.
“Most girls of twenty-one years wouldn’t have had the
courage to come way out here alone,” he added, after a short
pause.
“ Courage,” said Mary, as her large eyes dilated. “It
was a matter of life and death. I couldn't have lived more
than, a few months back there. It’s natural to want to
ive.
“Of course it’s natural. Even JZ want to live, old and
crusty as Iam. Is there much of a family of you ?”
‘My mother and father are dead. I have a sister seven-
