50 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“ And you cooked it yourself?” Mary was becoming so
deeply interested that her humor was improving wonder-
fully. Her head bent toward Jim in her eager desire to hear
all he had to say.
“Of course I cooked it myself. Used to broil it on the
coals. Beat all the fried meat in creation.”
“ And you lived in that little cabin by your new house—
and you lived all alone ?”
“ Yes, I lived alone. O, once in a while a cow-puncher or
two or a gang of hunters would come to the cabin.”
“ To visit you ?”
“ Well, not exactly to visit. Didn’t visit much them
times. ‘They’d come to stop over night, or till the weather
cleared up.”
“ T shouldn’t have thanked them for that.”
“ O, all frontier men do that. They’ll come to your cabin
and go right in, whether you’re at home or not, and hunt up
the grub and go to cookin’, I’ve gone to my cabin more
than once and found three or four there, cookin’ away for
dear life.”
« And what did you say to them?”
“ Oh, just said ‘ Hello.’ I didn’t care. I’ve went to other
men’s cabins the same way. Why, if a man on the frontier
was to lock his cabin, he’d have everybody down on him just
about as quick as if he’d go to stealin’ horses.”
“ We—ll, but your clothes? You were telling me about
them.”
“QO yes. Well, I sold a good many hides to the Indians
—-sold or traded ’em—and a good many of the best ones I
kept. In the winter, when I hadn’t much else to do, and
when the weather wasn’t good for deer, I’d make me clothes.
I got quite a stock on hand, but this is about the last of
‘em. The.deer have got thinned out of late years.”
“ You say you made those you have on?’
“ Yes, I made all Tever had. I used to buy gloves and
leggin’s and moccasins of the squaws, but I always made my
clothes.” :
“ Why, what did you sew them with?”
“ Sewed ’em with a whang,”
“‘ What’s a whang ?”
“ A piece of buckskin string.”
“And the Indians? What has become of them ?”
“ Well, they’ve gone off West. They don’t stay around
when civilization gets well started. They’ve gone over the
range.”
