THE WATER QUESTION. 55
CHAPTER VIL
THE WATER QUESTION.
AGRICULTURE upon Trelawna Creek is carried on solely
by means of irrigation. Magnificent fruit ripens upon sym-
metrical young trees, but the roots of those trees must drink
periodically from the flowing ditch. Currants, gooseberries,
and raspberries take on various shades of entrancing color,
but unless the shrubs stand upon the ditch, bank, or where a
mimic flood can be liberated over their roots, naught of scar-
let wealth will they yield. The delicious strawberry reaches
the acme of perfection here, but it must have a wealth of
water poured into its rootlets’ mouths ere it blooms and pro-
duces. ‘The finest vegetables may here be found, all pros-
pering and producing upon the banks of toy streams or in
beds that may be flooded from the neighboring ditch. Mag-
nificent fields of alfalfa, timothy, corn, wheat, and oats are
hauled away from Frelawna’s fields, but they are only coaxed
into perfection by the streams of water kept at their de-
mand. The fierce Colorado sunlight, unchecked by the cool-
ing effect of copious rainfall, parches every growing thing,
save the hardy native vegetation.
The supply of water is in many instances inadequate to ir-
rigate the land that might be cultivated. The streams are
taxed to their utmost; ditches are taken out here and there,
are taken round the points of hills, are conducted across
smaller streams and ravines through flumes, are carried over
low ground on raised earthworks. These ditches are taken
out as long as the volume of water in a good water year will
support them; when the older land owners, those who have
the prior right, are satisfied that this limit is reached, they
cease to allow individuals and companies to take new ditches
out of that stream. In seasons when the winter’s snow has
been light in the mountains, the volume of the streams is
considerably lessened ; there is a scarcity of water for irrigat-
ing purposes and unless cool heads and generous hearts
make amicable arrangements for distribution of what exists,
