PECULIARITIES OF THE TENDERFOOT. 63
some attractive oddity of build, speech or manner. Let us
hope that the wounds she inflicted were not deep ; indeed her
attention always seemed so much more given to the things
she discoursed upon than to her auditors that the latter were
hardly justifiable in appropriating much of her regard. This
rotation of lovers had somewhat shaken her credulity in
regard to ordinary men, and had well-nigh tired her of them
altogether. Her meeting with the vaqueros was therefore
doubly refreshing. Here was the novelty of a new and in-
teresting class added to western peculiarity ; so she fell at
the feet of the class and asked the handsome Stanley Lan-
caster to stand representative while her ardent nature wor-
shipped. She expected to find in the vaqueros dearth of the
obnoxious traits of Uncle Bluecut and sons, and very little in
common with any of the men she had previously known.
The vaqueros knew so much about a phase of life of which
she was totally ignorant that she could listen to them talk,
and need not for some time be compelled to exert herself in
order to entertain them; the fact that she was alittle jealous
of their superior knowledge in that one direction did not
detract from their attractiveness in the least. The whole
race of cowboys were interesting to her with the one excep-
tion of the feared, hated, dreaded Jim Madnau.
On the evening of the ball at Uncle Peter Chase’s, Mary
stood before the glass in the Hogan sitting-room arranging
her hair and dress.
“Does Miss Chellis ever attend the parties out here? ”
she asked, as she fastened a cream rose at the side of her
dark coronet.
“No, I never heard of her going to any of these parties;
she’d be too stylish for that. Her mother visits round some,
but I never heard as anybody about here is much acquainted
with Amy,” said the old lady.
“T met a lady out riding yesterday evening that answered
your description of her; Mr. Madnau rode past and they
spoke very friendly,” said Mary, as she pinned a big bow of
cream ribbon at her waist line on the left front side.
“She does shy around Jim some,” said the old man.
“You see the old Colonel thinks Jim wouldn’t be a bad match
—thrift and money goa long ways, gal; but I don’t think
she'll be at the party. She wouldn’t know what to do with
herself without sofys to set on.”
Mary was secretly delighted at the prospective absence of
the beauty ; there was achance now for her to be the belle of
