68 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
fifteen, and would be called the next set but two. It was
easy to see that Jim had never attended dancing-school ; he
danced solely for the enjoyment to be found therein. When
it came time for him to balance forward with Mary and leave
her with a new partner, she was not aware that all was ready,
when without a word of warning he seized her by the wrist,
and with one gallant leap, landed her in the middle of the
set. It was all she could do to keep her feet; then he seized
her again and sprang forward as if the house was on fire and
he was dragging her out of it. Then he abruptly paused
before the couple with whom they were to dance and scat-
tered everybody from his vicinity by his energetic movements.
All this time his brows were contracted and his lips tightly
compressed, with an air that said he had come there to dance,
aud meant to dance or die. By the time Mary regained her
original partner, she was wiser and wearier than when she
left him. Stanley’s graceful, easy movements were more
agreeable than ever.
She then danced a quadrille with Uncle Peter Chase, and
another with Mr. Mopely, who was introduced by Jim Mad-
nau. ‘Then came a waltz, when all who could crowd upon
the floor might dance, and Stanley came for her.
“Do you waltz?” he asked.
“T try sometimes; but I am the poorest waltzer in the
world.”
“Well, let’s try.” A man is willing enough to teach a
novice to waltz if her face be piquant and her waist shapely.
Mary was, in truth, a poor waltzer, but Stanley adapted his
step so nicely to hers that she got on very well with him.
He held her very close—just a little too close she feared—
but then he was so kind and gentle, and she Anew he loved
her. Jim Madnau was punishing the floor, with one arm
about half around Amy Chellis; and Mary, as she watched
them, felt that she would give but little for what was left of
Amy’s white kid slippers. As for herself, she got along so
much better than she had expected to that she was sorry
when the music ceased and it was time to leave the floor.
“Why, you’d soon waltz charmingly, Miss Fleming,”
said Lancaster.
“T hope so, but my faith is small,” replied Mary.
“Well now, just consider yourself engaged to me for the
next waltz, and I’ll show you how to reverse.”
“Very well; but I do not like to tax you so heavily, just
to teach me to dance,”
