STRANGE EVENTS. 17
enjoyable. Stanley Lancaster was very attentive, but some-
how Mary was thinking so busily of her plans for humblin
Jim that she thought but little of him. She danced wit
him often, and talked to him much, listening patiently to his
sorrowful recital of the fact that Jim had never mentioned
the party to him till he had secured her company; but her
thoughts were with Madnau. She was getting tired of Stan-
ley’s little laugh, and his endless compliments. There was
opportunity for battle with Jim, and her soul loved battle.
On the road home Jim asked her if she would like a horse-
back ride on the following Sunday, and upon her answering
in the affirmative, he proposed a trip to Dead Man’s Cave.
The plan was mentioned to Mr. Mopely and Lucy and it was
agreed to make up quite a party. .
So that accounts for the party that stopped, at the Hogan
gate for Mary the next Sunday morning. The party con-
sisted of Mr. Mopely, Stanley, Penobscot Bill, Broncho
Charlie, the three Chase girls and Bella Martin, while away
in the rear, safely away from the girls and their dangerous
allurements, was the Kid. Jim was in the house, awaiting
Mary as she shook out the folds of a recently finished riding
habit. When the skirt hung just to suit that lady, she
emerged from her room and was escorted out and helped
into a saddle, which Jim had gone all the way to Milroy City
to hire. On the road to the cave thcy rode far enough away
from the others so that their conversution was their own.
Mary was glad of this; it gave her a fine opportunity to
forward her dark design. She resolved to utilize the old scien-
tific rule, but not just in the old way. She was really curi-
ous to know whether Jim Madnau “knew anything,” so she
would make him talk. But before she had got well started
her own ardent, nature-loving soul checked her. They left
the park, and entered a picturesque little cafion with alter-
nately widening and narrowing walls. The grass on the
narrow sward beside the winding, rock-bedded little creek,
and the cedars that grew from clefts in the perpendicular
walls, gave their vivid green to contrast with ledges of white,
red, and yellow rock. The transparent, pellucid water found
still pools in which to pause and rest, or rippled over inclines,
or dashed down little precipices, forming toy rapids and
cascades.
“Oh! oh!” exclaimed Mary, involuntarily clapping her
hands. “Isn’t it lovely! Oh, it’s paradise!”
Jim laughed softly, but his eyes contained no ridicule.
