130 THE ADMINISTRATKIX.
patted her head. “But I’ll try, if you'll continue this mode
of persuasion.”

- CHAPTER XVI.
ACTION UNDER THE RIATA.
Many was surprised at the calm, the restfulness, the hope,
the sweet peace that surrounded her daily life. The once
abused, unappreciated, homeless orphan rested in her home
harbor of security as does the weary mariner after his voyage
of ceaseless chill and storm. She fell, when alone, into
her old habit of dreaming, and rare indeed were the love
castles of her creation. Her wish that the bliss and security
she enjoyed might be possible for all was the foundation of
the mind palaces she wrought.
A few weeks after their marriage, she stood with Jim at
their sitting-room door, while the balmy wind gave sug-
gestions of a still far distant summer; for after the snow
which generally falls on or about the holiday week has
cleared away, the weather often becomes springlike enough
to entice the fruit buds to swell, often, alas, like Cesar, by
their temerity in venturing in response to pleasant urging,
to meet their death in the fickle month of March. Mary
stood with her waist in her husband’s embrace, one of her
hands half caressing his face, her dexter finger lying lightly
between his teeth.
“ Jim,” she said, dreamily, “ it seems unjust that I should
be so happy in my love while others are so miserable. What
have I done that I should unblushingly enjoy love, while
other women, more unfortunate indeed, but perhaps no worse
at heart, must blush and suffer and hide ? ”
“You have complied with a custom,” said Jim. “T can-
not call it a law, because a law, in the proper meaning of the
term, controls all alike. Since fully half the marriages are
unrecognized by law, the institution can in no sense be said
to be governed by law. Reason and nature say that co-
habitation is marriage; the law says that the speaking of a
few words is marriage. The unrecognized marriage can re-
sult in as many children as the other, and because the words
have been omitted the law is silent, while these children grow
up in misery, neglect and shame. The uatural bent of
