132 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
time nor distance would free him from the bond of marriage.
Even if he did desert her, she would be a deserted wife, and
not an abandoned dupe. Her child, who certainly is not to
blame for the conditions of its birth, would then be provided
with a legal as well as a natural father, and need not forfeit
property, protection and respectability, because of the in-
adequacy of law. Cun a law that provides respectable
parentage for one child and neglects to do so for another be
just ? Should not law provide for all alike ?
“Under a law pronouncing cohabitation marriage—and
such a law need not interfere with those who wish a religious
marrjage also—secret polygamy would be the only social
crime possible, and this would speedily diminish; for the
rendering impossible—or as nearly impossible as human law
can approach, for no law against any zrime can wholly pre-
vent that crime—the rendering impossible of prostitution
would take the premium off of the libertine, and force him
into an unpopularity he has never yet known. Were there
such a law, parents who do not want mesalliances in their
families would teach their sons self-control. Young men
who feel too lofty to take fallen women for wives, would keep
their distance from such women if they knew that only a
divorce could free them from the companionship once
formed.”
“Might not such a law result in the marriage of a good
many more children, Jim ?” asked Mary.
“The law as it exists now, results in the moral ruin of
thousands of children every year, and from this ruin not one
in ten ever rises. I do not believe in the marriage of chil-
dren; but the marriage of children is infinitely to be pre-
ferred to the prostitution of children. The law I refer to
would do away with so much vice that there would be less
vice to attract the public attention. Children would hear
less of its discussion; their imaginations would consequently
be less excited and there would be less incentive to early
marriage. The law would be a long step in the right direc-
tion; this age can not make all the reforms that need mak-
ing; this age should grapple with and strangle the worst
evils, and leave such questions as the discouragement of
child marriage to future thinkers.
“So many people are so jealous of their liberty. Some
would say that if a man were compelled to take his first mate
as a life mate that personal liberty would be at an end.”
_Jim drew a long breath. “When the King of Persia,”
