ACTION UNDER THE RIATA. 137
while the work was in progress. Then when she fed
Hankum, the shepherd dog that had long barked at strangers
who passed by the Bar Eleven, she invariably forgot to bring
in the dish he had eaten from, and wash it. So it often
became Mary’s task to go forth and gather up the meat
platters, tureens, plates and gravy bowls that had accumu-
lated in the back yard. Then Iola had such a desire to put
the best foot foremost that on the slightest occasions she
donned her best dresses, greatly to economic Mary’s horror.
Even when Gus Waite, who was now in the employ of Mr.
Hogan, came over in his flannel shirt and chaparejos, she
dressed with splendor fitted for a ball. Mary insisted that
since Gus did not dress up, and anyhow was just a boy, all
legs, and bearing a close resemblance to a very independent
young Indian chief, that there was no occasion to carry so
much style. But Iola perked up her face and pinned on
more ribbons. So Mary concluded to let matters take their
course. In the home trials with Uncle Bluecut’s family,
Tola had always fared better than Mary; and while the
latter had always gone positively shabby until old enough to
earn for herself, money had always been forthcoming from
somewhere to dress Iola in tolerable decency. Another
peculiarity of Iola was her great fondness for novel-reading
—and yet, strange circumstance, she had never read a novel
through——she read the first few chapters with deep interest
and then, almost swallowed up in her interest in the charac-
ters, she flew to the final chapter to learn who married which.
Having satisfied herself as to this important point the novel
lost interest and was thrown aside for another.
Iola soon formed the acquaintance of Bella Martin, and
the three Chase girls. Texas Ike and his seven satellites
having learned that Jim Madnau actually had a piano, came
down from the Circle Bar to see the wonderful affair, and
also to see the ladies who were expected to play it. Gus
Waite came over frequently and sat in the background with
Kid where he could catch side glimpses of the saucy new-
comer. Broncho Charlie came and sat beside his patient
echo, while Hen Hall beamed placidly upon all. Mary
played and sang to the best of her ability, in which pastime
she was assisted by Iola. Jim was happy in the happiness of
his household. The early spring promised brilliantly for the
social success of the Bar Eleven.
