138 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
CHAPTER XVIL
SOMETHING NEW.
Just before the time of the spring round-up Jim one
evening piloted through the sitting-room and into the din-
ing-room a new hand; for now that active work was com-
ing on, more help was necessary. ‘The new arrival wore
a seedy black cloth coat—for when the weather becomes
cold and chill with March winds, even the cowboy must don
a coat—a scarlet shirt, blue overalls and high-heeled boots.
He laid a worse for the wear, broad-brimmed, tan-colored hat
on the piano as he came out to supper. His appearance was
sufficiently striking to attract the attention of both Mary
and Iola. His forehead was high and almost pointed, sur-
mounted with a crop of short, almost curly black hair. The
nose was of admirable form, but a little too short for great-
ness of character, a little too small for facial strength. The
upper lip was short; it stood in an arch above teeth slightly
irregular, but of dazzling whiteness ; only the lower portion
of two of these were usually visible, a short, curly, black
mustache obscuring the rest. The under lip drooped; it
was heavy, and long enough, had it stood erect, to meet its
arched and bearded fellow. His facial hue was ruddy enough
to suggest to the casual observer an occasional glass, but
not to indicate to any one any great degree of dissipation.
His neck was long, but not out of proportion, as it was well
clothed with the same ruddy flesh that filled in the space
over his rather prominent cheek bones. While there was
but little difference in either the height or weight of Mad-
nau and his new hand, this additional length of neck gave
to the latter almost an appearance of slenderness. Jim, not
knowing the stranger’s name, did not introduce him, but he
bowed gracefully to both ladies. The strange company and
house did not seem to embarrass him in the least, Mary’s
credulity failed to come to her rescue. She gave him a dis-
trustful glance, but said politely :
“ -evening. Sit down to supper,” indicating at the
