THE CROOKEDNESS OF FATE. 163
“QO, it was pretty once,” said Mary, sadly. “But once
at night a party of us young people were camping out near a
creek. I walked away from the camp-fire to get some water
from the creek. I didn’t know it was a dangerous thing to
do, and before I knew what I was doing I fell over a bank
about four feet high into a deep mud hole. I called for help
and my companions dragged me out. I had this dress on,
and although I washed it carefully, it was ruined.”
“Well, now, I had just about such a time as that once,”
said Mr. Jennings. “I went to see my girl and stayed till
late. I was gallopin’ my horse home, and first thing I
knowed he went over a bank fifteen feet high. Gosh, it was
mornin’ ’fore I knowed anything.”
“Was the horse hurt ? ” asked Jim.
‘“‘No, he came down on a bed o’ dry sand. But I tell you
it shook me up. I could feel my head spin for hours. I
thought for a little while that I never would be right again,
but I managed to come out of the kinks.”
“Some people have big runs of luck,” said Kid. “Now
if that had been me, what few brains I had would have been
scattered over three counties.”
Lat paid no. attention to this volatile remark but went on
to tell Mary how in that dress and with her hair arranged
that way she reminded him of a lady who had once been his
best girl, and who had wept bitterly when she found it was
not her destiny to enter the Jennings family. Mary’s ill-
humor was increasing. It was very flattering to be com-
pared to a lady whom Mr. Jennings had rejected, but Mary
was an ungrateful creature. Her Aunt Ellen had told her
so many a time. Then her experience with Stanley Lan-
caster and the Chellises had well-nigh dispelled her credulity,
and there was danger just now of her independence and
irritability getting away of her. She leaned back and said
in a stage terror voice: . . /
“Mr. Jennings, it is impossible for me to express my
sympathy with the unfortunate female who, through her
resemblance to my unworthy self, was bereft of a life of
bliss.”
Mr. Jennings seemed astonished. In the first place he
was not used to such speeches from his lady friends and
secondly, he could scarcely believe he had made such a mess
of his intended compliment. It came from trying to kill
two birds with one stone—from mixing a compliment to a
lady with the story of a past conquest. He must be careful
