THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 177
had been keeping up for winter feeding. Mary assured the
two old ladies that she found housekeeping much pleasanter
than she expected to. Penobscot Bill assured Broncho
Charlie that Sammie Jennings was one of the most admi-
rable gentlemen he had met this side of back yonder.
After this conversation had proceeded for sometime, Mary
sent Iola to the piano to play while the crowd sung some
familiar songs, thinking in this way to bring their courage
to the front. The singing done, the reluctant crowd drew
straws for turns. Hen Hall came first. Without hesitation
he began:
“THE PIONEER.”
“Tt ain’t no fine flourishin’ yarn that T’ll spin for you
folks; but I can somehow see a p’int to it, and maybe you
will. And then it relates to one that was dear to me in a
time that’s long gone past, though I can mind everything like
it was yesterday ; for somehow, when we’re out on a journey,
even if it’s the journey of life, we find the landmarks of ‘the
startin’ scenes hangin close to our minds. i
“T once had a friend named Joe Keasely. Him and me
was boys together, and he was a stirrin’ kind of a chap ever
sence he was a toddler. Well, Joe come to me one day,
when we was both about eighteen years old, and he said he
believed he’d strike out. Tain’t as old as some people, but it’s
been a long while sence I was eighteen. I may jest as well
tell you the war was jest over. Joe and me had volunteered
’long toward the last, and done a little soldierin’—jest enough
to fire our blood a little.
“ Well, Joe thort he’d strike out. He’d been to St. Louis,
that even then was a big town, and there he’d seen a lot of
poor people livin’ crowded together in little board houses that
wa’n’t half big enough for ’em. He didn’t like to see people
corralled up that way, and he got the idea that he ort to
strike out, and kinder open up new country for houses
for ’em. He said they needed more range and more
room to grow. They wa’n’t no railroads across the plains
then, so Joe didn’t take no palace-keer. He took an ox-
wagon and two guns, and plenty of fillin’ for ’em. They was
purty plenty of Injuns then; but Joe hadn’t lost any Injuns,
and consekently wasn’t huntin’ any. He wasn’t afraid of no
Injun; but he wouldn’t ’a’ killed one, nohow, that wasn’t
tryin’ to rope him or some other critter in.
12
