THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 179
come West too, so I thort ’d hunt Joe up. I teld mother,
and she put up my things for me. I struck out, and after
I’d been goin’ about six weeks I struck Joe’s trail. I kept
goin’ till finally I struck a cabin. I knowed ’fore I got there
it was Joe’s cabin, and that Joe wa’n’t in it. Td run up
agin’ some Injuns that Joe’d taught a little English, and they
guided me there, and told me how I’d find things. They’d
ben there, and had give Joe decent burial, accordin’ as he
asked ’em to. They was a letter in the cabin for his folk and
one for me, to be give to the first trapper the Injuns saw. I
broke mine open and read it. Joe said he was sick from
exposure, and thort his time to cross the range had about
come. He said he’d ben sort o’ happy in spite of his loneli-
ness and trials, and that he didn’t want no cryin’ and
cavortin’ about him and his fate. And he said he wished
people ’ud quit killin’ Injuns, and go to tryin’ to civilize ’em.
He thort people ort to save all the human critters they could
for happiness, and confine their killin’ to grizzlies and moun-
tain lions, and snakes, and things that kills off human bein’s
and makes ’em insecure and unhappy. I took a hatchet I
found in the cabin, and went out and chopped out a kind of
slab, and cut some sentiments on it with a knife, and set it
up at Joe’s head, and then I went away and left him there
alone. T’ve travelled around a little in my time, and when
I’d see big monuments of men that in some way or ’nuther
had widened humanity’s field, I used to wonder if any of
them big carved stones was pressin’ down on nobler hearts
nor Joe’s, The life of a pioneer -ain’t no bed o’ roses; but
in every walk of life, or departure in reason and thinkin’,
there’s got to be a certain amount of pioneerin’ done.”
Jim sat next; he told:
6 ~HE ORIGIN OF A LAW.”
“The scene of my story is laid on the southern coast of
Asia, and the time a thousand ages ago. A large number of
people lived on this coast. Their houses, with but one excep-
tion, were in trees, built of bark, wedged in between the
limbs. The exception was a cave, walled up in front with
rocks and mud. The tree people looked down on the cave
man, and called him a big feeling upstart who was too proud
to walk in the wavs of his fathers. The tree people insisted
that in addition to being a departure from time-honored
