THE COWBOY AS PHILOSOPHER AND NOVELIST. 203
most of our spare time in its preparation. I had studied
hard and was confident of my ability to demonstrate it clearly.
When my turn came, my voice was full of pride and my dem-
onstration clear and complete. But as I resumed my seat,
I caught a glimpse of Tom’s face. It wore a vexed and cloudy
expression; he began to write and in a few moments threw
me a little note. This is what it contained:
“<< My Sweet Little Cousin: Inthat demonstration, your
voice assumed a decidedly brusque and masculine tone; I have
noticed it occasionally before. Please try to correct the habit.
“Tom J. CARVER.’
“When Tom was called upon his face still wore the vexed
expression and he failed in his demonstration. It was too
bad. I was clearly to blame and Tom himself took occasion
to tell me so as he passed me on the road home. It was dis-
couraging; do my best and it seemed as if I could not prevent
my behavior being a source of continual trouble to my watch-
ful affectionate relatives.
“The days wore on until commencement. On the final ex-
amination Tom took a grade a fraction lower than mine. He
told me afterward that it was the scarlet ribbon about my
throat which unsteadied his mental equilibrium on that oc-
casion.
«My dear little girl,’ he would say, ‘mother always said
that your bad temper would ruin you; but in my opinion
you have several other faults which, if not so bad in them-
selves, are more dangerous. One of these is your habit of
wearing bold colors. Young ladies cannot be too careful
about preserving their modesty.’
“ As Tom was somewhat loose in both the theory and prac-
tice of his own morals, I was rather impatient of such advice
from him, but a little reasoning reconciled me. If he was
continually worrying about me, it was his time which was
being wasted—not mine. And before I again leave Tom, I
must add that both he and my cousin Archie were looked
upon by the people of our town as being liable to make mis-
statements in regard to the most commonplace affairs. Peo-
ple were not agreed in their opinions as to whether these
misstatements were due to defective memory, wilful inten-
tion to misrepresent, or to the most unrestrained play of
startlingly vivid imaginations. Now I will give my theory ;
in my early visits to the home of Aunt Ellen, misunder-
