212 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
fierce Kansas wolves, all athirst for gore, had chased himself
and his little sister up a tree, and standing in a howling
hungry throng below, had kept them there all night. Rescue
had come with the morn and the world was not robbed of this
valuable young life.
Then he had had quite a number of adventures with rattle-
snakes. He often repeated these stories, owing to snake
stories being in general demand, and the oftener he repeated
them the more phases they assumed. Then on one occasion
since his arrival at man’s estate he had crawled through a
window ten inches square and so escaped from thirteen
villains who were endeavoring to destroy his bright young
life and three policemen who desired to arrest the bunch.
After the second literary evening he went occasionally of
evenings to see the Chase girls and Bella Martin. Emma
Chase gave him much encouragement and was his defender
against all who might attack him. But aside from his favor
with Bill Hammin and his industry he was not popular at
the Bar Eleven. Though Mary now treated him with respect
and Iola strove to hide her contempt, he often heard remarks
from Kid and Hen that were not to his fancy. But he now
counted upon Mary’s favor, and with this he was satisfied.
One evening after he had become pretty certain of Emma
Chase’s esteem he’ sidled up to Hen Hall in his usual care-
less stride, stepping directly upon one of his feet, and said
in a loud whisper:
“ Say, Hen, did you know I had a new girl ?”
“ Did you know I had a sore tox ?” roared Hen.
“ Why, I didn’t know I was doin’ that, Hen.”
“Well, you’ll know it if you ever do it again. You can
spend yer time makin’ trouble for the women folks, or some-
thin’ that can’t take its part, but if you go to foolin’ round
me, you'll find somethin’ that’ll strike back.”
Lat roundly apologized and went out to the barn lot.
Without answering him, Hen went into the house. Mary,
having heard so much of Hen’s pacific nature, was surprised
at his choler.
“You do not appear to like Mr. Jennings;” said she,
quietly.
“T like Hankum,” said Hen quietly.
“Well, Mr. Hall, I for one wish Jennings would leave
here, even if he isa good hand. His very presence makes
me uncomfortable. I’m often afraid he’s done something
terrible and is here in hiding.”
