230 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
“TI don’t believe it, Stan; I can’t believe it.”
Then she heard the voice of Lancaster say, his sentence
followed by his now contemptible little laugh :
“It’s just because you’re so good-hearted, Ike; that’s all.
You see, I’ve been watchin’ him, and I know it’s so.”
“T’d be sorry fer his wife,” said Ike brokenly.
“O, well; it Il teach women to fight shy of these fellows
that hold themselves so stiff,” and again came the laugh.
. “Pve knowed stiff fellers that was as good as any,” pro-
tested Ike.
“QO, you’ve got to look out for the precise fellows. Now
he was always hintin’ round that he wouldn’t do the way
the other boys did. O, he ’ll get his deserts, one of these
days ; see if he don’t,” and this time the laugh was smoother
than ever.
Mary was ghastly white. Though not a name had been
mentioned she felt that her household was menaced. The
conversation must refer to Jim, who else would Lancaster
talk of in such fashion? With a sudden sickening she
pressed her ear to the wall, but she heard nothing further.
The men had moved away. She went out into the room and
sank down upon a convenient saddle, looking as in a dream,
to where Jola stood talking with Harry Talbert. She saw
Jim in close conversation with Hen Hall and Jere Herron.
She repressed a sudden impulse to cry out to him and warn
him. Just then Ike and Lancaster entered. She turned
such a horrified look upon them that both men started. Ike
came forward, closely followed by his companion, and in-
quired if she were ill. She asked him to call her husband.
The air was close and she must walk in the yard for a time.
Jim came, wrapped her cloak about her, and supported her
on his arm as they walked about the yard. And when she
warned him he laughed, of course. What man would not?
He bade her have better ground for her alarms before she
permitted them to steal away her quietude. Then he stooped
in the dark and kissed her, and led her back into the house,
where her returning color, and eyes blinking to accommodate
themselves to the increased light indoors, brought a new pang
to the heart of Mr. L. A. Jennings.
But the enjoyment of the ball had fled from her, and the
remainder of the evening was a troubled dream. The boxes
were pushed alongside each other and the splendid viands
placed upon the snowy linen the ladies had brought ; but
Mary saw all with half-closed eyes. Her whole consciousness
