282 THE ADMINISTRATRLIX.
CHAPTER XXXIL
INCIDENTS.
Jim was in deep trouble. During the latter days of Octo-
ber he, feeling that the time to watch had come, stationed
himself with Hen Hall one day in a dense clump of cedars.
The roundup had been delayed and was just now beginning.
The two men secreted themselves because they saw Lancas-
ter and the two young Talberts acting mysteriously. The
three men were surrounding a bunch of cattle belonging to
Pete Gregg, Joshua Hogan, Jere Herron and Jim Madnau.
There were also a few other brands represented. Herein
were some twenty cows, with calves not yet branded. The
three men were trying to separate these calves from their
dams. Having succeeded in getting eleven of them out to
themselves, Harry Talbert and Stanley Lancaster started them
off at a brisk pace toward Dwightmere Pass. Clyde re-
mained, and having scattered the bunch in two directions,
drove one bunch into the hills alongside Aspen Creek, and
then returned to scatter the others throughout Trelawna
Cafion. Jim went to Milroy City that evening and swore
out warrants for the arrest of Stanley and the Talberts.
The men were promptly arrested. The fall session of the
grand jury had just been dismissed. The three men waived
their preliminary and gave bonds. Milroy City was in an
uproar. Jim Madnau was well and favorably known there.
He had a large coterie of friends who were quite ready to be-
lieve that he would make no such move without cause. On
the other hand the Talberts were rich and influential, and
moved in the first social circles. The old gentleman, Mr. J.
C. Talbert, his aristocratic wife, their accomplished daughter
and their two sons were courted, flattered and feted by society.
They all mourned loudly the disgrace that had overtaken
them. Society—for the Madnaus were unknown to Milroy
City society—sided with the Talberts. There were many
street trials and much enlivening discussion.
Jim undertook to tell Jere Herron and Pete Gregg of the
scene which himself and Hen Hall had witnessed. ‘To his
astonishment he found them unwilling to believe. There
