296 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
CHAPTER XXXIV.
DEEPENING CLOUDS.
Tue death of Hen Hall was a bitter blow to Jim. Aside
from his wife, no other person had since the death of his
mother occupied so strouga place in his heart. The two
men were much alike in their opinions, but widely different
in their characteristics. Hen was the more philosophic, Jim
the more practical. Hen looked about him and pointed out
the errors in existing institutions, while Jim suggested
remedies. They had been so much and so long together that
Jim deeply felt the separation. His wife did her utmost to
lighten his gloom. She walked beside him, saying nothing,
but looking and breathing her ready sympathy, holding his
hand and casting up a troubled face that dumbly pleaded to
be of service. His business vexations were on the increase.
He had gone into the mountain’ and found several of his
spring calves—he had learned to know these before they be-
came separated from their mothers—bearing the bar H. Hen,
his principal witness, was dead. , He, however, resolved to go
on, depending upon his own evidence and that of Bill and
Kid. He seemed to have lost much of his desire to talk and
be gay. He moped incessantly, save when his wife’s gloomy
face arose to warn him. He must beware of discouraging her.
He distrusted many of his neighbors. They were too
kind; too deeply concerned to know just how many beef
cattle he expected to feed for the spring market, too anxious
concerning his wife’s health, and too sympathetic because
of his loss of Hen Hall. The neighbors could not altogether
conceal the state of their minds. Those are clever actors who
are able to shut all the avenues of truth. Many of the set-
tlers on Trelawna believed Jima spoiler; they had lost their
stocks, and Jim’s increase in wealth had during his eight
years residence on the creek, been remarkable. Their blood
was hot, and they did not pause to consider and calculate.
They did not throw into the scale the fact that Jim had put
into cattle the equivalent of what they had expended for to-
bacco, cigars, liquors, damaging luxuries and needless wearin
apparel. They did not reckon the fact that Jim allow
