HOW THE CIRCLE BAR KEPT SUNDAY. 327
turn. The men all assured him that it required a tremend-
ous expenditure of muscled force. His cake struck the
ceiling, batter side up, aud remained there. The men went
on with the amusement, only Mose declining to toss cakes;
he was an interested spectator, but his frame of mind did
not crave play. By the time the flour sack was half empty
and the yard strewn with cakes, the men decided that it
was foolish business, fit only for children ; but two cakes had
been caught—Lat Jennings receiving one on his head, and
the dog being saddled by the other.
The men now decided to lasso Mose unless he consented
to gather up the cakes. Mose informed them that if there
was any lassoing to be done he saw no reason why he should
not take a hand. He was not particularly anxious to throw
ropes, but he must either defend himself or gather up the
debris he had had no hand in scattering. The men hurried-
ly obtained ropes. It was then that they learned something
of the agility and skill of their new companion. They en-
gaged him single-handed and found him more than a match
for their most pronounced experts. It was not until by his
dexterity he had jerked two of them to the ground that they
would acknowledge their defeat,
“Let’s double teams on him, boys; he’s too smart; let’s
rope, him and then roll him in the crick,” shouted Hank
ands,
Now the creek, there, was only aribbon of water in a wider
ribbon of wet sand, but Mose did not pine for even so light
a bath. He ran up a ladder that leaned against the barn,
and ran to the peak of the sloping roof. The men did not
pursue him. They dragged away the ladder and left the
boy there, fourteen feet above solid ground. Then they
stood about trying to make terms with him. Mose was
good-natured, but refused to make terms, until Texas Ike
agreed to replace the ladder and act as protector, if Mose
would sing The Dying Ranger while at his elevated station.
Mose sang as desired, and was then permitted to descend.
On the following Wednesday Ike sent Mose to Milroy
City with a message to the Talberts, warning him solemnly
before setting out, not to get drunk and stay a week. Ike
added in an undertone that, however, if he got hold of any-
thing extra good in the way of bitters, he might bring a
quart bottle home without doing any harm.
At the post-office in Milroy City Mose found two_ letters
addressed to himself. Both were written in cipher. He read
