THE DRIVE. 351
or drawn out of the mess wagon and brought forward. There
was one long bar brand, one short one, one large half circle
and one small one; it will be readily seen that many of the
ordinary brands could be stamped with these; for instance,
the half circle seven, the bar eleven, the bar H, the A cross,
the diamond, the half circle triangle, the bar three, and many
others, needed, in skillful hands, but these four irons. But
those whose brands introduced more unusual forms, such as
the rowlock, the nine, the oval and some others, brought
their individual branding irons. These were placed in the
fire to reach a red heat. Then the men formed a cordon
round the herd while Charlie Ford, Bill Hammin, and Ike
Bane, being among the most expert lasso throwers, went into
the midst with coiled riatas. Bill Coffroth was to handle the
irons. Mose was glad to be placed in the cordon; the brand-
ing was not to his taste; he sat in his saddle with blanched
face, listening to the poor creatures bawl, and wondering if
there were not some chemical that would stamp an effective
and painless brand—even half wishing that his own life
might be prolonged until he studied the matter out. He
watched Ike Bane catch cattle, wind the riata round his
saddle horn, and spur his horse forward and away from his
catch in Texas fashion, the brute charging after him, or
pulling back, according to its temper and disposition. He
watched Bill Hammin back off in California order, his face
and his horse’s head toward the struggling creature in his
lasso’s grasp. Charlie Ford was catching their feet and throw-
ing them. O, how well Jim used to do that! Jim could
pick up any foot he selected, without failure and without
vanity.
Harry Talbert must have found a lady to talk to, for he
was not in camp, nor did he arrive there until after the men
were asleep at night. So there was another day of contem-
plation for Mose.
Ike Bane sat erect in his saddle, his large lips standing a
little apart, his long arm swinging the riata above his head,
his wrist deftly turning to keep the circle open, while he
selected the brute he meant to fetter. His choice fell upon
the darling nursling of the sleek, fiery, black Texas cow
already described. A light touch of the spur, a quick spring-
ing forward of his spirited white horse, a last long swing of
the rope, a well calculated underthrow, and the calf was
secured. Ike quickly turned the end of the riata round his
saddle horn, and galloped his horse forward, while Charlie
