356 THE ADMINISTRATRIX.
him in an instant, and had touched his cheek with the cold
muzzle of the weapon.
“What have I ever done to you, Mose ? ” gasped the ter-
rified creature as he brought his horse to a standstill.
“Do as I tell you; and if you try to get away again, I'll
shoot you through and through !”
Harry dismounted and tremblingly tied his horse to a
straggling cedar.
“Stand there!” said Mose, pointing to an open space.
The order was obeyed.
“Now, Mose, I don’t understand this. I’ve always been
good to you, and as for money, I’ve only got—”
“J don’t want your money, I want your life.”
“My life?”
“Harry Talbert, do you remember Jim Madnau?”
“Ye—es.”
“ Did you ever see his wife?” And Mose took off his hat.
“ Ye—es.” He groaned as he saw the truth.
“Well then, know that Iam Mary Madnau. Do you ask
for mercy now ?”
“0, Mrs. Madnau, I had nothing to do with it !”
“Will you lie at such a time as this? In less than half
an hour you will be giving an account of your crimes before
the bar of God. Dare you lie at such a time, you blood-
stained fiend ? ”
The wretched man shook until his knees struck together.
“QO, but Mrs. Madnau, I was led into it; and if you only
knew how sorry I ”
“Stop! You are lying again. Two weeks ago Ike Bane
was telling you how his mind was troubled over the murder,
and you told him that Jim Madnau had got his just deserts
and you were glad of it. I heard you. Now stand still
while I pass sentence on you, and do not disturb me. Your
father was the head of the ring that made me a widow. You,
and your brother, and Stanley Lancaster, and your dupes,
helped my poor Jim toa dishonorable grave ; and for it, you
shall die. You, and your brother, and Stanley Lancaster
shall die; and Ike Bane, who fired the first bullet into my
husband’s body, shall carry a wound that will mark him for
life. I heard Ike express regret, and for that reason I will
spare his life. Your father’s punishment shall be the moan-
ing out of a grief-stricken old age.”
“Think—think of my poor mother!”
“Why did not you think of me?”

