858 THE ADMINISTRATRLIY.
Bereavement was fearful, but what name could be given to
the sickening sensation produced by the dull sound of a bul-
let striking and tearing its dread way into the flesh of a fel-
low-creature——the leaping blood-stream, and the wildly star-
ing eyes? But the drama she had been so long rehearsing
had begun. Should she retract after punishing one, and let
others equally guilty go unharassed ? The cloud over Ber-
nalillo was spreading. Cloudlets were drawing near it, sinking
into it, and swelling its mass. It was charged with a cool,
moist wind, that at any other time would have chilled her;
but now she welcomed it. It cooled her fever heat of anguish,
and fanned into new existence her sinking flame of courage.
Riding over a small divide, she saw the man she was looking
for. He was galloping over a little rise, collecting together
a small bunch of stock. She lifted up her voice and prayed for
his soul as she had never prayed before. He saw her advanc-
ing. He took off his hat and waved it gaily ; she answered.
The man admired and trusted her. O, but Jim! Her eyes
looked down into his grave—saw the mouldering coffin—the
sunken eye-sockets—the shrinking, wasting flesh, and the
half-exposed bones. “ He shall die!” she muttered, fiercely.
She looked up. He was sitting on his horse with his back
toher. He was dreamily watching the stock he had guthered,
waiting perhaps for her to ride to one side of them and keep
them from turning back into the hills, while he started them
down toward the rendezvous on Aspen Creek. Why could
she not kill him thus? But no. He should know why he
was dying. Was it right for him to die thinking of aught
else than the dread night horror that had laid waste her life ?
But she would give him no chance for defense; he had
given Jim none. Remembering that for a year she had
practised hiding her real self beneath a mask, she summoned
all her playfulness. She lifted the riata and made it ready.
“No fooling, now, Mose,” said Clyde, as he shook his quirt
warningly. But almost before the words left his lips, the
rope was tight round him, binding his arms round his body.
Then in an instant Mary was beside him and had plucked
his revolver out of its pouch and thrown it away. Without
waiting for the astonished man to speak, she drew off a few
paces, still retaining her hold of the rope, and said:
“Clyde Talbert, I have just killed your brother. I am
here for the purpose of avenging the death of my husband,
Jim Madnau. r shall kill you at once, and I shall kill
Stanley Lancaster as soon as I can find him. It is useless
